---
title: "Now July 2025"
permalink: /now-july-2025/index.html
date: 2025-07-15T19:59:56Z
description: Life's too short to write timely blog posts updating everyone on my life
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

**I'm busy**

This is the second time I've tried writing this post. So much random stuff has been going on in my/our lives that I just haven't had the time (or, frankly, the energy) to sit down and write any posts until today.

**Baseball rules**

As a Red Sox fan, this has been a tough season for me. Trading Devers hurt, but the team has seemed to come together, capped off with a 10 game win streak heading into the All Star break. Having baseball on as background noise around the house has been really nice, and I look forward to games returning in a couple of days.

**We cut out V's nap**

Up until the start of the month, V had still been taking a ~2 hour nap every day. It had slowly started to become more difficult to get her to take the nap, and it had started impacting/pushing back bedtime as well, so we just went cold turkey - no naps at all.

That's gone... ok, I guess? V tends to get tired around 4 or so, but hits her second wind at dinner time. Bedtime is a breeze. B and I are *exhausted*, though - it was already a lot when she/we got a little gap in the early afternoon, but now that it's just go-go-go after school, it's a lot for everyone.

(As I was writing this, I got a text from B that V had passed out on the couch at 2pm. So, that'll be interesting.)

**I'm slowly getting back in to video games**

For whatever reason, I'd been feeling major apprehension about playing any games lately. I spent a ton of time playing Marvel Rivals, but the competitive nature was wearing me down, so I gave that up.

I've made a point to have my Steam Deck updated and ready to go with games lately, and I've found that to be a huge help. I plowed through *Hyper Light Drifter* and *My Friend Pedro* in June, and I'm currently playing through *Final Fantasy IV* for the first time. I also still have *Undertale*, *Pokemon LeafGreen*, *Nine Sols*, *Fallout: New Vegas*, and *Baldur's Gate 3* in progress.

Also...

**I gave up on a spreadsheet**

*GASP!*

After way too long, I finally gave up on trying to keep my games backlog updated manually, and shifted over to using [HowLongToBeat](https://howlongtobeat.com/user/niclake)'s backlog tracker. It's not perfect, but honestly, neither was my spreadsheet.

**I got my wife into 3D Printing**

I have a Bambu Labs P1S printer in my office, and a couple weeks ago I installed the Bambu Handy app on her phone and showed her how to find things & print them.

When I say I lost access to my printer for a couple of days, I'm not exaggerating - she was finding things left and right. I told her to save things she wanted to print into a collection, and woke up the next morning to nearly 50 things being added to it.

I'm 0% mad about this.
