---
title: "Now (Aug 2025)"
permalink: /now-aug-2025/index.html
date: 2025-08-14T14:54:07Z
description: Eventually I'll figure out something witty to say here, but it'll be after I publish the post.
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

**I'm currently in San Francisco.**

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-25-08/sf.jpeg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Downtown San Francisco"
%}

My jobby job has brought me to San Francisco this week for a team offsite. It's been an overall positive experience; getting to meet my team in person for the first time in the 3 years I've been working here has been interesting. We've eaten a ton of great food (Burma Love and Sotto Mare have been the standouts so far), I went to a Giants baseball game, I've walked a ton, and I've realized that I'm very, VERY glad I never moved here when I was considering it a dozen or so years ago. Don't get me wrong, I'll visit any time... but living here? No thanks.

(I'd come back just so I could go eat lunch/dinner in Chinatown every day for a month.)

Also, my kid gave me a little Goomba toy to take with me on my trip, so this has been "Goomba Explores San Francisco". I encourage anyone with kids to do this on any trip they take; it makes for delightful memories.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-25-08/goomba.jpeg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Downtown San Francisco"
%}

**It's ok to lean in to your weird self.**

I've worn a baseball jersey every day I've been here. I'm now "Baseball Guy". I had multiple conversations with people at the Giants game about the Red Sox & Athletics, multiple conversations around the office about the Savannah Bananas, and one conversation with someone already this morning about the Giants and Willie Mays. (Also R2-D2/Star Wars/Disney, since I have that jersey too.)

I considered bringing one of my many mechanical keyboards with me, but thought "no that'd just be too extra". I've spent 2+ hours at a desk working every morning, and would've had a perfect opportunity to use it. I should've brought it.

**I miss my family.**

This is the first time I've been away from my kid for > 36 hours. It sucks.

**I want to nuke all of my hobbies.**

I had a bit of an existential crisis this past weekend - *what if I just gave up all my current hobbies, and took up new ones?*

This baseball season has really consumed all of my time, and caused me to not partake in a lot of my other "normal" hobbies. That's made me wonder, ok, are these hobbies actually things I want to partake in anymore? Or have I outgrown them, similar to how I outgrew music?

Video gaming in particular is something that I'm just not quite sure how much I vibe with anymore. As a college kid, I played a ton of games with my friends (Halo, Call of Duty, World of Warcraft, League of Legends), and supplemented those with single player games. Now it's completely flipped; I mostly play single player games, and will occasionally play multiplayer games with one of my friends (I think we're going to pick up Battlefield 6 when it comes out in a couple of months). Gaming was primarially a social activity for me, and I lost that in the pandemic.

Reading has also been something that just disappeared off of my interest radar. I've only read... 6? 8? books all year. It's not from a lack of interest in books that are out there, or new books being released. I just haven't felt interested in sitting down, grabbing my Kindle or a physical book, and spending time reading it.[^1] I do have 2 preorders that either just came out (Jackson Ford's ***The Bone Raiders***), or is about to come out (R.F. Kuang's ***Katabasis***), so I'm curious if those will help me get back in that groove again.

[^1]: Before anyone suggests it, I can't do audio books. That doesn't work for me.

**I want to be a Notebook Guy™.**

I've always loved the concept of being someone who uses notebooks. I don't know why that is; something about the physical aspect of them, even in a digital world, really speaks to me.

Any time I see someone with a nice notebook, a collection of pens, people getting their new yearly journals from Hobonichi every December... it's always a tickle of FOMO. Oh, you're getting into Bullet Journaling? Please, write 17,000 blog posts about it so I can live vicariously through you. (My friend Robb [has done this](https://rknight.me/blog/biting-the-bullet/), bless him.)

The stack of notebooks that is in my closet, my drawers, my shelves, in containers in the basement, shows me that this just Is Not My Thing... but maybe if I try something a little bit new, it could be?

(Or maybe I'll just revert to using Notes or Drafts on my iPhone again, just like every other time.)

**I don't know if I want to be a software developer.**

I've been a professional software developer for 13 years now. I'm good at what I do. I'm fortunate that it affords me & my family a comfortable life, allows my wife to be a SAHM, and lets us put my kid into Montessori preschool.

I'm at a pivot point of my career. I either need to continue down the Individual Contributor (IC) path, working my way up to a principal/staff engineer or architect... or, I need to pivot to the People™ side of things, become an engineering manager, and work my way up that side of the ladder.

But there are days where I think, "why didn't I just go into accounting?" What would parachuting out and finding a brand new career look like?[^2]

[^2]: It would look terrifying - there, that was easy.

With all the uncertainty in tech right now, it's just scary to think about what the future is going to look like in 5, 10, 20 years. When I retire[^3], am I still going to be a tech person? A people person inside tech companies? A hermit living on a farm raising porcupines?[^4]

[^3]: Bold of me to assume I'm going to get to retire.

[^4]: I just kinda made this up on the spot, but you better believe I'm going to research it after I finish writing this post.

Too many existential moments, not enough free time to contemplate my place in the universe. And I'll probably get back home next week and think "oh yeah, I love software development again". 🤷🏻‍♂️