---
title: "Now (March 2025)"
permalink: /now-march-2025/index.html
date: 2025-03-18T19:05:57Z
description: So little to say, so much time.
image: now.jpg
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

**I've been relatively radio silent this year.**

Stuff has happened in the world[^1] that has caused me to retreat inward a bit more. I'm barely posting on socials, I fully quit Facebook (finally), and I've retreated from a lot of the Discord servers I'm a part of. Things are just scary and frustrating and there's lots of doom everywhere.

[^1]: Gee, I wonder what that could be... 🤔

**I'm taking a pottery class.**

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-25-3/pottery1.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "The pottery wheel at my class."
%}

For years, I've thought that learning how to make pottery with a wheel would be really cool. It seems like a fun activity, it's creative, and it's something I can do with my hands. Also, it's much safer than using power tools like I do with woodworking.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-25-3/pottery2.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "My first pots that I threw. They're not great, but they're mine."
  caption: "My first pots that I threw. They're not great, but they're mine."
%}

My wife got me a 4 week class at the local museum (which is where we got married 9 years ago). It's for an hour and a half every Tuesday evening, which is weird because I haven't really gotten out of the house to do anything by myself in 3+ years. I'm having a fantastic time, learning a lot, and trying to channel [my yearly theme](/year-of-motion/) & getting comfortable with not being perfect.

**I released a couple of projects.**

In January, I put together [an Alfred workflow that lets you search multiple sites for 3D printing models](/3dp-alfred/). It's come in handy, and I know other people that have downloaded it and are using it, so that's cool.

Yesterday, I released [a VS Code extension that puts "Move {direction}" in the file contextual menu](/vs-code-move-file-to-group/). I'm someone that usually has at least 2 files up at once while I'm developing, and the default functionality within VS Code is to "split" your current file, so you have copies in separate groups the left/right or top/bottom. I *never* want this; I want to "move" the file to the other group. You could do this, but it wasn't something you could get at easily. With this extension, now it is.[^2]

[^2]: I'll be honest, I hope Microsoft straight up steals this idea. The fact that the most popular IDE on the market today doesn't offer this option is absurd to me.

**The plague hit us hard.**

Feb 11, I started feeling crummy. From then until today:

- I was mildly sick on my birthday
- V was sick on her birthday
- My wife got really sick
- I went to the doctor on our anniversary, and got stuff for bronchitis
- I went to urgent care a few days later, and got stuff for pneumonia

Now, on March 18, we are *finally* all feeling better again. A full month+ of sickness. Nobody prepares you for this when you become a parent, and they really should.

**Baseball is back.**

The Dodgers and Cubs played a game that counted in Tokyo this morning. The Red Sox play their first game next Thursday. We're going to a Red Sox/White Sox game in April. I'm super excited; I don't think I've paid this much attention to prospects, minor leagues, and/or Spring Training ever in my whole fandom. 9 more days.
