---
title: "12 Goals for 2012"
permalink: /2012-goals/index.html
date: 2011-12-29T17:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Personal
  - Tumblr
---

2012 is just around the corner, and you know what time it is. Time for all those New Year's Resolutions that no one follows. Except… well, I know I don't follow them, so I've tried to change things up this year. I'm doing 12 smaller or more "universal" goals, things that I will have 0 issue accomplishing, so long as I put forth a tiny bit of effort.

Without further preamble… the list!

1. Read 1 book per week. This shouldn't be difficult at all, considering the speed at which I can read. Now I'll just need to find 52+ books that interest me. Also shouldn't be difficult.
2. Read the Bible every day. I've got reading plans, and none of them take more than 10-15 minutes to accomplish. Again, just a matter of doing it.
3. Drop 12 lbs. I could set some weight loss goal like "get to my target BMI" or "work out 3x every week" or something, but that's about 25-30 lbs that I'd need to shave off. 1 lbs a month, while not much, would get me much closer to where I want and need to be. If I do more, awesome.
4. Graduate. Seems like a no brainer, but I'm on the home stretch with 1 semester left, and I don't wanna screw it up now.
5. Eat healthy. That means NO MORE POP. I must cut back. Just water, juice and coffee.
6. Spend time disconnected. With my iPhone, Air, and iMac, I find myself always connected somehow. Whether I'm trying to accomplish an above goal, spend time with friends, or whatever, I NEED to get away from technology and just enjoy life.
7. Practice guitar. Set aside at least 30 minutes a day to actually practice, and not just noodle. I'm a fantastic musician (no ego here), but I could be so much better if I just put forth effort. Learning new licks, working on scales and speed, etc.
8. Run a mile. I haven't done that since high school because of injuries. But if I can drop weight and/or build some endurance, I should be able to do it again.
9. Work through the <a href="http://www.khanacademy.org/" target="_blank">Khan Academy</a>. Setting a hard and fast goal is gonna be tough, but I'd at least like to devote a few hours a week to learning some stuff. (I love learning.)
10. Get a new tattoo. Odd how "spend money" becomes a goal, but I need to settle on a design, and then go get my 2nd tat. They're quite addicting.
11. Make it a full year without drinking. Sept. 16 of this year was the last time I drank. I've had a few sips of beer as I try what my friends order at Old Chicago, but that's it. Should be an easy accomplishment.
12. Meet at least 5 new Twitter people. I've met a handful already, and every single one has been a great person. I'd love to continue this trend.

So there it is. Please, PLEASE, help hold me accountable for these things, and help me out if you see opportunities (like number 12).
