---
title: "Time"
date: "2011-01-25"
tags:
  - "Personal"
---

I wish I had more time.  I'm sure everyone does, but it's really hit me here in the past few weeks.  This is the first semester where I've really gotten myself involved in various things, and I'm almost regretting it now.  And it's only week 3.  Yeesh.

I wish I had more time to spend with friends.  I've already made a few new good friends this semester, and I feel bad that I can't hang out as much as I would like.

I wish I had more time to invest into my new business\[1\].  I'd like to feel like I could pour myself into it, even if it is just a part-time freelance gig.

I wish I had more time to devote to my other interests.  I don't get to read as much as I'd like, whether it's blogs or books.  I don't have enough time to sit and play guitar.  I (kinda) miss playing some of my video games.  I have so many mini-interests in queue that I'd love to dive into, but I don't dare stretch myself out any more than I already have.  I'm already looking at trimming off some of the excess hobbies that I have, just because I can't keep up.

On that note... I wish I had more time to blog.

I wish I had enough time to devote to a girlfriend.  Scratch that... I wish I had a girlfriend, so I could whine a bit about not having enough time to spend with her.  Seriously though, I don't dare try to get involved in a relationship at this point.  At least I know this now, instead of finding out later.  (Side note: I've determined I need my friends to set me up.  I'm terrible at picking them.)

I wish I had more time, so I could work more, so I could make more money.  Said hobbies I mentioned earlier are expensive, and I tend to bleed out of my credit card when I get on one of my kicks.  I'm doing better, but it's a process.

I wish I had enough time to devote to just sitting and listening to a new album.  That was one of the nice things about working this winter.  Driving all over the Midwest gave me ample amounts of time to listen to entire albums (Mumford & Sons... omg).

I wish I had more time, so that I could fit all of that stuff in, and still be able to get an adequate supply of sleep every night.  Staying up until 2:30am talking on the phone is going to be the death of me.

I wish I had more time on this earth.  As age 24 approaches, I'm starting to feel older as each day passes.  Even as a Christian, I wish I had more time... I know where I'm going when I die, but I'm not exactly in any hurry to get there. :)

I wish I had more time to devote to being a better son, a better friend, a better Christian, and a better person overall.

</end musing>

\----------

\[1\]: I have officially billed my first client in my web design business as of Saturday. I feel awesome about it, but it's scary how quick I'm growing up. Blech.
