---
title: "Meetings"
date: "2011-02-03"
tags:
  - "work"
---

Admit it, we all hate meetings. We have to sit next to the smelly programmer, listen to someone drone on with reports, and so forth. But most of all, they waste our time. Anything of relevance can probably be addressed in 5-10 minutes. Everything else is mindless babble that has absolutely no relevance to the business, or more specifically, what the meeting is supposed to address.

**Meetings, in general, are not bad.** The concept behind them makes sense. You want to gather everyone together, address them all at the same time on a certain subject, and make sure that they listen. You could send out an e-mail that would satisfy the first 2 requirements, and it would definitely waste a lot less time, but there's no guarantee that they'll open it or read it completely.

Another benefit of meetings is the face time. At my internship last year, I worked at a place that employed (off the top of my head) at least 500 people, and maybe far beyond that.  I met 10, and 5 of those were my bosses/full-time team members. At another job, I communicated with all of my superiors strictly through e-mail and phone calls. **I never met my boss at that job. Ever.** They were just random men behind the curtain, so to speak.

So you have a Catch-22. How do you promote the face time between employees, get the information across, and not waste people's time? A simple solution is this: **No sitting.**

Seriously. Don't let people sit at meetings. When no one sits, people get more uncomfortable. Obviously, there's an objective that needs to be accomplished at the meeting (how to properly submit your TPS reports, for example), and the employees will desire to complete that objective as quickly as possible in order to get back to their comfort zones. Afterwards, if people wish to talk with each other for a few minutes, they can. But by getting the business-related things out of the way, it allows those with extremely busy schedules to get right back to work.

Think about it. What's the last meeting you went to? How long were you there for? How much of the information was actually relevant? If you're a boss, give this strategy a try. If you're an employee, suggest it to the boss. Emphasize that you don't think he's wasting your time (he is, but everyone has egos that need stroking), but that you feel the job you're getting paid to do is important, and being taken away from that costs the company money.
