---
title: "An Icon"
permalink: /an-icon/index.html
date: 2011-10-10T17:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Personal
  - Tumblr
---

I'm sure by now, you've all heard the news that Steve Jobs passed away last week. While I would normally be on the ball about things like that, I surprisingly didn't hear about it until late that evening. I've been purposefully disconnecting from technology lately so that I can be a better student, boyfriend, and person in general.

Steve leaves behind far more than a grieving family, a massive company, or an unquestionable taste for expensive black turtlenecks. No, instead, he leaves behind an example not only of how more businesses in the world should be run, but also how we should act as human beings.

Since the beginning, Steve wanted nothing but the best for Apple and its customers. He always seemed to have a childlike glee anytime he spoke about a new device that was coming out. And why wouldn't he? He built products that he wanted to use, and that he thought his customers would want to use as well. (The G4 Cube was just... well, it was silly. But hey, he tried.)

Name me another CEO that <a href="http://www.cultofmac.com/34568/steve-jobs-answers-email-via-ipad/" target="_blank">would answer your emails</a>. Even the terse and concise ones were something of legend. Or name me a CEO that would call a NY Times columnist and <a href="http://daringfireball.net/linked/2008/07/26/nocera-jobs" target="_blank">start off with this wonderful quip</a>. Both examples tell me something about Steve: he was blunt, to the point, and didn't like to mess around with extra words when work could be getting done.

Everyone, from the CEO on down, should be looking at this whole thing and thinking to themselves "why won't people be this upset when it's my turn to go?" Steve didn't build a legacy for himself. He made great products, marketed well, and let the people come to him. Everyone else made him into the icon that he is today, because he deserved it.
