---
title: "Now (October 2024)"
permalink: /now-october-2024/index.html
date: 2024-10-14T15:10:30Z
description: When 2 months pass and you don't feel like you have much to talk about.
image: now.jpg
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

**I've been going to the gym (somewhat) regularly.**

I'm trying to get into a 2 + 3 day rotation of going to the gym, alternating with the days I take V to school. Haven't been able to be as consistent as I want, but it's good to have a routine and be back in the swing of things. I've also got a foldable treadmill under my desk that I'm using to get some steps in during the work day.

**Sadly, the weight loss is (still) stalled.**

When you eat 2 breakfasts and snack after dinner, it's crazy that the weight doesn't just slide off. Who knew? 🤷🏻‍♂️

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "3d-pot.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "A little sassy flowerpot I printed for my wife."
%}

**I have the 3D printing itch.** I borrowed my father in law's Ender 3 Pro, a basic/entry level printer from yesteryear, and have been printing a ton of things with it. I made V a bunch of dinosaurs, I've started doing some [Gridfinity organization stuff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ra_9zU-mnl8), and I printed R a little flowerpot. I also like to use some hooks that I print for my Skadis pegboard to hang my keyboards, so I've been printing a lot of those overnight.

I have a bunch of ideas of things I want to do, trying to make things in my life more organized. It's been fun printing off designs other people have made, but I'm excited to start making my own as well.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "3d-dino.jpg",
  alt: "The herd of dinosaurs for my daughter."
%}

**More keyboards in the house-y house.**

A bunch of keyboards have made their way into our home somehow. Whoops. I'm having a lot of fun with all of these new layouts.

- Daring Run DR-70F (for my wife)
- Candybar Lefty R3
- Qwertykeys QK100 (also for my wife)
- CBKBD Qull
- Libra Mini
- Masonry
- Reviung41

**I 100%'d Elden Ring.**

Took me 96 hours. Malenia was a beast. But at long last, my str/faith build using the Staff of the Avatar & Golden Halberd took down the Elden Beast. I have no idea what game I'm going to play next; I tried both Sekiro and Ghost of Tsushima, and bounced off of both.
