---
title: "My 2023 Books, Games, and Media"
permalink: /my-2023-in-media
date: 2024-01-02T15:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Personal
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  srcabs: "https://helios-i.mashable.com/imagery/reviews/0778lG5KNk5Wr8uLrNcBSdY/hero-image.fill.size_1248x702.v1623384545.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Reading"
%}

One of my main goals for 2024 is to read a lot more, finish more games, and actually consume some great shows & movies[^1]. I keep meticulous track of these, and I thought it would be fun to share what I had done in 2023.

[^1]: Watching TV and movies is honestly my lowest priority for hobbies; however, I'm _also_ trying to get in to crochet, so I think these might dovetail nicely.

## Books

It's funny - I have my Kindle, but I barely read on it. Most of my reading comes via the Kindle app on my phone. Convenience plays a large part of that, I assume.

### Books read in 2023: 25 (2022: 30, 2021: 50, 2020: 23)

- _Ruination_ by Anthony Reynolds
- _Elder Race_ by Adrian Tchaikovsky (my top read of the year)
- _Noor_ by Nnedi Okorafor
- _The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms_ by N.K. Jemisin
- **The Poppy War** series (_The Poppy War, The Dragon Republic, & The Burning God_) by R.F. Kuang
- _Yellowface_ by R.F. Kuang
- **Silo** series (_Wool, Shift, & Dust_) by Hugh Howey
- **The Divide** series (_The Last Watch, & The Exiled Fleet_) by J.S. Dewes
- _Redshirts_ by John Scalzi
- **Newsflesh** series (_Feed, Deadline, & Blackout, + Feedback_) by Mira Grant
- _This Is How You Lose The Time War_ by Amal El-Mohtar & Max Gladstone
- _Rubicon_ by J.S. Dewes
- **The Stormlight Archive** 1-3 + 2 novellas (_The Way of Kings, Words of Radiance, Edgedancer, Oathbringer, & Dawnshard_) by Brandon Sanderson

## Games

My PC game playing dropped a *ton* this year for a few reasons. Moving helped me hit the reset button a bit, and [with Pixel dying](/pixel), I made it a focus to hang around my cats more often in the evening; they really like being downstairs at the new house, so that's where I am too.

### Games beaten in 2023: 4 (2022: 15, 2021: 5, 2020: 22)

- _Horizon: Forbidden West_ (PS5)
- _Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order_ (Steam Deck)
- _The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom_ (Switch) (my favorite game of the year)
- _Spider-Man 2_ (PS5)
- I also played waaaaaaaaaay too much _World of Warcraft_ (and will continue to do so, thank you very much)

## Other Media

I went through a couple of different spurts this year, sitting downstairs watching shows every night for a week or two. Maybe I'll have to find another film series to do that with.

(This list is totally from memory, so it's likely I'm forgetting a bunch of stuff)

- _The Bear_, seasons 1 & 2 (this rules and if you haven't watched it you should)
- _Reacher_, some of season 1
- _Jack Ryan_, the whole thing
- _Primo_
- The first 6 *Mission: Impossible* movies (rankings: Rogue Nation, 3, 4: Ghost Protocol, 6: Fallout, 1, 2)
- Most of the MCU (I think I stopped at *Endgame* because of the proliferation of the shows)
- The start of the DCEU (*Man of Steel & BvS* - I couldn't finish *Suicide Squad* because it was so bad)
- A whole bunch of NBA, MLB, NFL, F1, & Premier League
- A whole bunch of *Bluey, Sesame Street, Super Simple Songs, Daniel Tiger, Blippi*, and more
