---
title: "My WWDC Wish List for 2024"
description: "With WWDC 2024 right around the corner, I put together my personal short list of things I'd like to see."
permalink: /wwdc-2024-wish-list/index.html
date: 2024-06-06T15:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Apple
---

Of note: these are all software related features or changes I would like to see; my dream of a Magic Trackpad with integrated Touch ID sensor can wait until later.

## Focus Modes and Notification Summaries

I'm gonna start with these two features and lump them together, because I think they tie together for a lot of people who have tried to use them over the years - a way to stay focused, present the user with relevant information, and cut down on the amount of time that we're pulled away from doing whatever we're trying to get done. I love the general concepts of these tools, and I've overall had positive experiences with them, but there are some random things that irritate me that I'd love to see Apple address.

**Ordering Focus Modes**. This might be a relatively minor gripe, but the fact that you can't organize these at all is just baffling to me. And then, depending on where you look, the orders are different! On the Mac, in Settings > Focus, they're in alphabetical order. On the Mac or iPhone, in the actual menu to change your current focus, it's just completely wonky. I'm not sure what gives here, but this is a prime example of one of my biggest frustrations with modern Apple - *inconsistency across different parts of the system*.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "wwdc-24/focus.png",
  alt: "What in tarnation is this order?"
%}

**A Focus Mode scheduling tool**. I've recently switched over to using a Focus Mode every hour of the day, and the set up for this was just a pain. Plus, as I've gone through and realized my times aren't exactly what I wanted, making modifications is another exercise in pain points; you have to change the end time of one, and the start time of another. This just seems unintuitive and clunky.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "wwdc-24/siri.jpg",
  alt: "Thank you, HAL."
%}

**Triggering a Focus Mode using Siri**. *Some* Focus modes, like Work or Fitness, work ok. Others, like any of them you create and name yourself, have maybe a 20% hit rate. Siri's voice recognition is routinely pretty good for me, so something is going on here.

**Better settings for Notification Scheduled Summaries**. I tried using Scheduled Summary on my iPhone last fall, with a general intention of saying "I'd like to receive all of my hidden notifications at the top of the hour, all day, every day". Seems simple. You can't do that... because Apple artificially limits you to a maximum of 12 summary times. And then, you can't define times where Summaries was off, so you're stuck in this weird limbo of figuring out when you're ok not receiving anything at all. It's a fantastic tool when you want to use it, and a garbage one when you don't.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "wwdc-24/summary.png",
  alt: "Seems excessive, and yet, it's incomplete."
%}

**An API for apps to be able to push specific notifications through Focus Modes and/or Scheduled Summaries**. I'll use the MLB app for an example here. I follow the Red Sox pretty religiously, and I always want to see notifications about the team, no matter what Focus mode or Scheduled Summary I happen to be in - I want a way to have this app, and/or these specific notifications, push through any block I have. But simultaneously, I want to receive notifications from other Major League teams, or general league news, and I want those to stay contained to any Focus or Summary that they're captured by today.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "wwdc-24/mlb.png",
  alt: "So many notification options."
%}

Apple does a lot of things really well, but as they add more devices and more services to their suite of offerings, there seem to be more ideas that got shipped as a Minimum Viable Product, and then completely abandoned. This has been less of a problem on the Mac, with the swath of developers making fantastic applications to serve a niche market, plus the ability to run sandboxed apps that can change so much of how your computer operates. But with how locked down the iPhone is, all of these pieces of abandonware cluttering up the device are just leading to a horrendous user experience.

## Other i(Pad)OS Desires

**Let apps start Live Activities without any interaction**. Going back to the MLB app for this one. You can see in my screenshot that I tell the app to automatically start a live activity for every game. Does it do that? Nope! When Carrot Weather detects precipitation in your area, you can tell it to automatically start a live activity. Does it do that? Nope! The catch: you have to open the app, or interact with the relevant notification, for it to start. This is terrible UX, and makes the user think they're doing something wrong, or that the app isn't doing it right. This should be changed ASAP.

**App-sized widgets on the iPhone and iPad home screens** (and maybe in the Mac Dock as well?), **App-sized Shortcuts triggers**, and **Dynamic app icons**. I'm lumping all 3 of these together because there's such an overlap in use case here.

I don't need a 2x2 "small" widget for the Fitness app. I just need the app icon to update and show my current ring status.

I don't need a 2x2 "small" widget for showing me the current temperature, or the high/low temp for the day. Just give us app sized widgets so that I can have 3 or 4 separate Carrot Weather widgets showing me the individual data points I want.

I have a shortcut I wrote to launch various reading-related apps, or start my Reading focus mode. The only way I can surface this on my home screen is within a 2x2 widget, either by itself or with one other (probably unrelated) shortcut. Why? Why is this necessary?

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "wwdc-24/fantastical.jpg",
  position: "left",
  alt: "Imagine if it was the 31st.",
  caption: "Imagine if it was the 31st."
%}

You'd *think* a calendar app like Fantastical would be able to show the date on the app icon. But no... the only way they can do that is *to put a notification badge on the app with the current date inside it.* This is terrible UI.

This is another prime case of fragmentation across the Apple ecosystem. The Watch is all about small complications. Even the iPhone lock screen allows for small data points like this. Why can't we get that same treatment on our home screens too?

**Allow the Apple Music widget to pin a specific playlist**. When I go to the gym, I listen to the same playlist. When I put my daughter to bed, I turn on the same playlist. The Music widget exists, but it's just to start the most recently played song/album/playlist, which isn't always what I want. I could solve this with a shortcut, but again... do I want to take up all that room?

**The Modular Apple Watch face calendar complication isn't available to 3rd party apps**. This is a newer one that's started to bug me a little bit. I recently started using the Modular face, and realized that the only options for the day and date are "show it" or "don't show it", and the app assigned to "show it" can't be changed away from Calendar. As a Fantastical user, this is frustrating.

**Improve the granularity of notification white/blacklisting on the Apple Watch**. I've recently been exploring cutting down on some of the notifications I get sent to my Watch, including restricting most of the text notifications I get during the work day to just my partner & immediate family. To do this, you have to use a custom Focus mode on the Watch, *and* you have to prevent your other devices from overriding your Watch's focus mode. Again, just a really weird and frustrating "hacky" experience to use the native tooling to do something that should be simple.
