---
title: "My 2024 Books, Games, and Media"
permalink: /my-2024-in-media/index.html
date: 2024-12-31T15:00:00Z
description: I really enjoyed the year in media wrap-up that I did for 2023, so I thought I'd do it again this year.
tags: 
  - Personal
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  srcabs: "https://helios-i.mashable.com/imagery/reviews/0778lG5KNk5Wr8uLrNcBSdY/hero-image.fill.size_1248x702.v1623384545.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Reading"
%}

I really enjoyed the [year in media wrap-up that I did for 2023](/my-2023-in-media/), so I thought I'd do it again this year.

## Books

Once again, I found myself eschewing my Kindle in lieu of just reading on my phone. I'm not mad about it, but there's something almost comical about "I don't want to be on my phone as much" becoming "well at *least* I'm reading a book!"

### Books read in 2024: 27

*Previous years - 2023: 25 books, 2022: 30 books, 2021: 50 books, 2020: 23 books*

- _Rhythm of War_ (**The Stormlight Archive** book 4) by Brandon Sanderson
- _The Martian_ by Andy Weir
- _The Mysteries_ by Bill Watterson
- _The Book of Accidents_ by Chuck Wendig
- _System Collapse_ (**Murderbot Diaries 7**) by Martha Wells
- _Starter Villain_ by John Scalzi
- _Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Last Ronin_ by Kevin Eastman
- **Southern Reach** series 1 & 2 (_Annihilation_ and _Authority_) by Jeff VanderMeer
- **Red Rising** series 1-3 (_Red Rising_, _Golden Son_, & _Morning Star_) by Pierce Brown
- The entire **Galactic Cold War** series (5 novels & 4 short stories) by Dan Moren
- _Warbreaker_ by Brandon Sanderson
- **The Inheritance Cycle** series 1-4 (_Eragon_, _Eldest_, _Brisingr_, & _Inheritance_) by Christopher Paolini
- _Wind and Truth_ (**The Stormlight Archive** book 5) by Brandon Sanderson

After unintentionally doing really well reading stories by a diverse group of people last year, it appears I only read 1 novel written by a non-male author last year. Yeesh. Going to make sure I do better with that in 2025.

## Games

I did kick the PC back on this year, but I also made sure to spend a bunch of time on the Steam Deck as well. I do have a couple games (Pokémon LeafGreen and Fallout New Vegas) in progress right now, so that should be 2 quick ones to start off the year.

Also, while they got 0 recognition because I didn't actually beat them, I did play a bunch of _World of Warcraft_, _Balatro_, _Hades_, and _Dead Cells_ throughout the year. Trying to spend less time on repetitive games, but that seems like an adage I say every year.

### Games beaten in 2024: 6

_Previous years - 2023: 4, 2022: 15, 2021: 5, 2020: 22_

- _Bastion_ (Steam Deck)
- _Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic_ (Steam)
- _Cyberpunk 2077_ (Steam)
- _Hollow Knight_ (Steam Deck)
- _Celeste_ (Steam Deck)
- _Elden Ring_ (Steam) - I took my sweet time and 100%'d this. I don't think I'll ever go back. What a grind.

## Other Media

Movies & TV shows remain something I only watch when I'm absolutely bored out of my mind, or too lazy/tired to go upstairs and do something else. I don't keep good track of any of this, so it's non-exhaustive.

I will say, I'm _VERY_ excited for _Severance_ season 2 to come out in January. My wife and I will be watching the crap out of that.

- _Justice League_ (not the Snyder Cut, and no, I won't go back)
- _Arcane_ S1 and 2
- All of the _Bad Boys_ movies, for some reason
- A whole bunch of NBA, MLB, NFL, F1, & Premier League (again)
- A whole bunch of *Bluey, Sesame Street, Gabby's Dollhouse, Super Simple Songs, Daniel Tiger, Blippi*, and more (again)
