---
title: "Now (July 2024)"
permalink: /now-july-2024
date: 2024-07-01T15:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

What a crazy month June ended up being.

**The Boston Celtics won the NBA Championship**. What an absolute blast of a season. On top practically wire to wire. They had a relatively easy path in the playoffs, but the Mavericks (and Luka specifically) scared the shit out of me. Let's run it back next year.

**My family celebrated a few milestones & mourned some passings.** June is one of the months where we have a ton of things that have happened in our lives. Pixel's birthday and passing were both in June. We found out my wife was pregnant with V in June. We finally weened V (see above). There's an 8 day stretch where all of these notifications pop up for us, and it's always a wild ride of emotions.

**I've been on a weight loss journey.** With a family history looming over my head, and a daughter that wants Tickle Monster to chase her all around, I finally buckled down and started actively trying to shed a few extra pounds. The happiest & healthiest I ever felt was when I was 19, when I weighed 155lbs. I was also doing 20+ hours of weighted cardio a week (yay, drumline), which I just do not have time for anymore. I started simple, by logging everything I ate and counting the calories. Turns out, when you don't LITERALLY eat like a hobbit, it's pretty easy to drop weight. I crossed the 190lbs mark a few days ago, with a long term goal of getting under 160. Slow and steady.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-7-24/weightloss.jpg",
  alt: "A photo of my weigh ins, showing my progression over the month"
%}

**A tree fell ~~in the forest~~ on our garage.**[^1] This past Friday was a hell of a day. Our neighbor has a tree that's coming down here in a week or two, and I thought "oh no, it fell early". But no, it was our seemingly healthy pine tree in our backyard, narrowly missing V's swing set but coming to rest on our garage roof. Nobody was hurt, and we don't think there was any damage to things & stuff, but we do have a couple holes in the roof. (Also, an insurance adjuster can't get out to check it out for *two months*?!?!?!? What in the world...)

[^1]: It made a *whoooooosh* sound.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-7-24/tree-fell.jpg",
  alt: "A photo of the tree that fell on our garage"
%}

**For the first time ever, I have more that one dev/coding project going at once**. I've always thought developers who code in their free time were strange. It was always a major challenge for me to figure out anything that I would want to work on in enough to dedicate time to it, when I could be relaxing outside or playing games or watching TV or whatever. And now here I am, actively juggling 4 projects:

- Yet Another Blog Update
- [My daily sports email](/daily-sports-email), which still needs tweaking before NFL and NBA seasons start up again
- Turning my [games](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zg-SOYI8DlH-ibSNslfPtq0xJB4sEMb_7OHKbq2qclk/edit?usp=sharing) and [books](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-1PcHF6xzFKTaTvxnfjm6bVgo4pd5yIr3nbxsbckoFo/edit?usp=sharing) backlogs into a standalone app
- An iPhone app, mostly for personal use

So this is definitely a new experience for me, but I'm excited to have all these things to work on. Now I just need a project manager to make sure I'm prioritizing appropriately.[^2]

[^2]: Oh god, do I need a sprint board?
