---
title: "7 == 9"
permalink: /7-9/index.html
date: 2024-10-17T20:15:49Z
description: I told my therapist that I can't remember the last time I felt joy, and he got mad at me.
image: joy.jpg
tags: 
  - Therapy
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "joy.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Does it spark joy?"
%}

I was telling my therapist that I feel like my whole life is basically a 7 out of 10[^1], and I couldn't remember the last time that I felt joy. And he got mad at me.[^2]

[^1]: 5 out of 7 with rice [that's a reference].
[^2]: He didn't actually, I'm editorializing because it's my blog and I can do that.

I mentioned how the last times I truly felt joy were when I met my wife, when we got married, when we moved into our first house, and when our daughter was born. Anywhere from 2.5 to 10 years ago. He interrupted me with "so what the fuck do you have to complain about?"

He got one of his textbooks down, flipped it to a page[^3], and handed it to me. It was full of synonyms for the word "joy". I had to go through them and choose a better word. "Happy". "Content". "Glad".

[^3]: he had it bookmarked - "this is the only useful page in this book"

To him, "joy" is the pinnacle. The peak. A perfect 10. Joy is the aspirational thing that you only get occasionally. It's a thing you work towards, not an Everyday Thing™.

And then we started to drill down into life, and why I defined it as a 7. I feel like I'm coasting, just going through the motions. I'm comfortable. And it's scary to feel like you're comfortable or coasting, when you should be doing and achieving more. But he stopped me again and made me examine my life.

I'm comfortable and "coasting" because life is good. It's great. I have a beautiful family, a nice home, a stable(ish) job with a good salary. I have so many things that so many people dream of and strive for, and I've just been taking all of that for granted.

"What you consider a 7 is probably a 9 to most people. You're just so used to the routine of it that it makes you feel like it's normal."

He made me get up, walk to the whiteboard, and write my name. Then he made me switch hands and try again.

The same 3 letters. Both legible. But incredibly different. One was sloppy but legible. Comfortable. The other was purposeful but messy. A struggle; it took effort to use my off hand.[^4]

[^4]: He told me that whenever someone does this exercise, he sees them look at the marker as though it was foreign. Sometimes they'd put it back in their dominant hand again, and return it to the off hand again, because it felt so weird and they didn't know how to hold it.

And then he said the thing that really stuck in my mind.

> "If your life was actually a 7, you'd notice more 8s and 9s popping up. But your life is a 9. The only thing above that is a 10. And those are already infrequent as it is."

---

I have difficulty living in the present. With my ADHD, I often feel compelled to have multiple things going on at once; normally, I'd be listening to music or a podcast as I write a post like this. Some nights I'll have 3 or 4 screens going with different things. It drives my wife crazy.

On the flip side, my wife loves to go outside and garden or take care of the yard. Whenever she does, she's just out in nature, no AirPods, no music, no podcasts... just existing. Doing one thing. **That's such a foreign concept to me, I have no idea how she does it.**

I've been challenged to live more in the present moments with what I'm doing. Enjoy the sounds of birds chirping, of a chainsaw chopping something a mile or so away, of the breeze blowing through the trees. Enjoy interacting with people at the grocery store as I shop, instead of tuning everything out. Be fully present with whatever my daughter is doing, instead of waiting for her to come over to me and pull me off the couch.

My life is good. Great, even. And I've been so blinded by complacency that I've not been able to recognize that fact.

My 7 is actually a 9. 