---
title: "Eden"
description: "Wanna get real nerdy about why music can be so cool?"
image: eden/sleeptoken.png
permalink: /eden
date: 2024-06-17T15:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Music
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "eden/sleeptoken.png",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Sleep Token"
%}

I love prog (or progressive) metal. It's a genre that slowly snuck up on me through the years, starting with a lot of the emo/metalcore/post-hardcore bands I started listening to in college. Even a few dips into classic prog rock from Pink Floyd and Rush helped lay a ton of groundwork. But it was the first time I heard Dream Theater play that really tipped me over the edge. Nowadays, I'm listening to a wide variety of artists, such as Periphery, TesseracT, Plini, Leprous, ERRA, and Devin Townsend.

A band that hit metal fan's collective radar last year was **Sleep Token**, with their latest release, *"Take Me Back To Eden"*. It's crazy, because the prog metal community simultaneously embraced the album and tried to distance themselves from it as "not metal". It's a genre-bending experience, blending rock and metal with hip-hop, trap, R&B, jazz, indie pop, and more.

Sometimes you listen to an album and think "oh yeah, that slaps," but you can't exactly think of *why* you like it so much. I decided to break down one of the key songs on the album, and see if I could explain some of the things that make prog, well, proggy, and how it all ties back in to really basic musical concepts that have been around forever. We're specifically going to focus on track 11, the title track *"Take Me Back To Eden"* (or *"Eden"*), but there will be references made to the opening track, *"Chokehold"*, as well as the final track, *"Euclid"* (neither of the others are required to grok this post).

---

There are 3 general music theory or musically nerdy things happening in "Eden" that happen somewhat frequently in progressive, or "prog", music. The first thing is relatively simple & common - **theme & variation**. It's been a thing in music since the classical era, and most people know can recognize this within music by Bach and Mozart. [Here's Mozart's *"Ah, vous dirai-je, Maman"*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDMvvelPXj0), better known now as *"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star"* or *"The ABC song"*, as a prime example.

<div style="max-width:100%; margin-bottom: 1rem;"><div style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(56.25% + 52px);height: 0;"><iframe style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;" width="100%" height="100%" src="https://odesli.co/embed/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsong.link%2Fi%2F1669570010&theme=light" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen sandbox="allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-presentation allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox" allow="clipboard-read; clipboard-write"></iframe></div></div>

The chorus of *"Eden"* (it starts with "My, my, those eyes like fire") happens 3 different times, and every time is in a different key; the first, at 1:42, is in Ab minor. The second, at 3:53, is in Eb minor. And the last, at 6:10, is in F minor. Interesting in its own right... but there are 2 additional, subtle differences between how each one is crafted that I want to call out.

(Note: if you're not musically inclined here, that's ok - just look at the notes/symbols themselves, and their position on the stems. You can intuit the rest.)

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "eden/chorus.png",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "The start of the three choruses in Eden",
  caption: "The start of the three choruses in 'Eden'"
%}

Hit play at 1:42 and listen to the first lines of the chorus ("My, my, those eyes like fire / I'm a winged insect, you're a funeral pyre"). We're in the key of Ab, and the 1st note is an Eb, so we've already "jumped" up a major 5th from the root key up to that note. From the first note to the second, it drops down a major 3rd. Then, as we go through the melody, he drops a major 4th into the words "winged" or "wake(ing)" and bounces back up a minor 6th to the subsequent word or syllable. This "bounce" feels jarring, almost like when you're bouncing on a trampoline.

(Non-musicians: look at the gap between the notes on the first line where the number 2 is. That's the "bounce" I'm referring to, dropping down and then back up.)

But now, let's compare that iteration to the 2nd time through (go hit play at 3:53). If you look at the first note in each stem, you'll notice that the first note is the same, an Eb, even though we're in different keys (the 2nd time through we're in the key of Eb). Since we start on the tonic (the same note as the key), you feel like you're starting on more of a level surface.

But then... a change! Instead of dropping a major 3rd to the 2nd note, we now drop a major 4th. A bigger gap. And yet, the remainder of the melody feels like you're rolling over a slightly uneven road, instead of hitting one big lurching bump halfway through. This is because the gaps between the outermost notes and the ones next in the order are smoothed out. The "bounce" is now a minor 3rd + major 5th (vs. the major 4th + minor 6th). There's still motion, but it's more consistent across the melody.

(Non-musicians: check the gap between notes on the second line at the number 10. It's smaller!)

Conceptually, this makes the first iteration of the melody feel "heavier" and more disjointed, while the 2nd time through feels like you're cruising with the windows down. The 2nd iteration also comes right after a hip hop/trap beat section, which itself was a bit disjointed and frantic, so it's an added feeling of smoothness that helps ground you.

And then, you get to the final iteration (hit play at 6:10). The melodic flow is identical to the 2nd iteration, but now we've bumped the key up a whole step, to F minor. So, all else being equal, your brain is inclined to just hear this as "pitch goes up = energy goes up". Neat! Themes & variations.

But they've done one additional thing to make that work, which is the second music theory callout. Go back to the first iteration, where he sings the lines "Take me back to Eden" 3 times (2:23). When the bass & guitars drop in, they are SUPER low, almost to the point of sounding out of tune. When the vocalist sings "Eden" the 3rd time (2:45), he takes it super duper high; look at the gap on the stems as to how far apart they are:

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "eden/stretch.png",
  alt: "Ooooo, big stretch!",
  caption: "Ooooo, big stretch!"
%}

That's not a typo; it really goes off the page, looking almost comical. It's a 4.5 octave gap (Mariah Carey is famous for having a nearly 5 octave range; it's basically that.) It's a cool effect, and it feels weighty. It's like doing a pushup with your hands out as wide as you can go; really difficult to do & exhausting.

But then we get to the end of the 3rd iteration, where he sings "desire" (6:41). This is the energetic peak of this song. And look at the gap between top and bottom notes here:

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "eden/less-stretch.png",
  alt: "Ooooo, a smaller stretch!"
%}

Still big, but MUCH closer, at only a 2.5 octave gap. **They bring the focal points closer together, making for one larger, cohesive peak, instead of 2 smaller ones with a huge valley in between**. So you've been cruising through this less-disjointed final iteration of the chorus, and you slam into this focal point with all the energy the song can muster.

And then, also at this exact spot, the 3rd neat thing happens simultaneously, which is **a callback**. Underneath the held out "desire", you can hear the opening lyrics of the album from *"Chokehold"* ("When we were made, it was no accident / we were tangled up like branches in a flood"). While *"Chokehold"*'s beat has a bit of a swing or triplet feel to it, *"Eden"* is very straight up and rigid 4/4, and yet those lyrics and that melody fit in seamlessly.

All of these elements combine together to give the listener a sense of familiarity, a sense of "oh, I've heard that before... but where?" It's a payoff that encourages front-to-back album listening, which is the way I've always been enjoying music since I was a kid.

Oh, and for one additional neat thing, go to the next/final song on the album, *"Euclid"*, and just listen to the rhythm of the lyrics. **It's almost a copy/paste of the *"Eden"* chorus rhythm and melody line**, but this time in a hopeful, happy, major key. A happy ending, if you will. Some people would consider this to be "lazy songwriting"; I think it's a beautiful nod to other points of the album, giving the listener a little treat for listening to the entire things straight down.

Music theory and concepts are fun. Albums like this are all about the cohesive listening experience, and rewarding listeners with a payoff of little nuggets like this. Whether the writers craft it with care and attention to the actual musical theory, or just do it because it sounds cool, this is the structure and psychology of music that can make it so appealing to listeners.
