---
title: "Now (December 2024)"
permalink: /now-december-2024/index.html
date: 2024-12-21T15:10:30Z
description: It's the end of the year as we know it.
image: now.jpg
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

**My wife and I went to a football game.**

We tend to stay pretty close to home and to our daughter; prior to this, I don't think we've been away from her for more than 3ish hours at a time. But in November, we dropped her off at the grandparent's house, and drove in to Chicago for the Vikings @ Bears game. We had an absolute blast, have some great stories to remember it, and V (and the grandparents) had a wonderful time together. We've always been so hesitant to ask for time, but we planned this out months in advance, and I'm so glad we went.

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now-24-12/bears.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "My wife and I at the Vikings @ Bears game"
%}

**My Steam Deck is now a Pokémon machine.**

I've been wanting to use my Steam Deck more. I've also been itching to play the old Pokémon games again. A couple hours of internet sleuthing later, and *ta daaaa*, all of the pre-Switch games are now on my Deck. Also, it's my first time ever playing the games emulated, and even as a huge Pokémon fan, you wouldn't *believe* how much more enjoyable it is to speed the game up 3 or 4x speed and blitz some of the more grind-y bits. I'm at the 7th gym, and I've played less than 10 hours. It's wonderful.

**I got a 3D printer.**

A new Bambu P1S showed up at my house at the beginning of December, and for a solid 2 weeks, I think it was running about 12 hours a day. I've been making al sorts of stuff; planters, vases, Gridfinity organization bins for my tools and batteries and stuff, and even little toys for V (I made her a little articulating T-rex that she absolutely loves).

**I updated my Daily Sports Emails project.**

I released v1 in the summer to get schedules & standings for MLB, but now it supports NBA and NFL as well. [Go check it out!](/an-update-to-the-daily-sports-emails/)

**I'm ready for 2025.**

I have some pretty grand aspirations for this coming year. I'm ready to implement [my theme of Year of Motion](/year-of-motion/) and make some headway on a variety of things - projects, organization, hobbies (both new and old), and some fun activities for my family. 2024 was an ok year - here's to making 2025 the best one yet.
