---
title: "Tattoos"
description: "Everyone always wants to know the story behind the ink."
permalink: /tattoos
date: 2024-05-29T15:00:00Z
categories: 
  - Personal
  - WeblogPoMo 2024
---

I always tend to get 3 kinds of comments on my tattoos:

1. "Dude, those are sick!" (usually from nerds about my Pokémon tattoos)
2. "Oh nice, are you a musician?" (about my treble/bass clef)
3. "You're going to regret those some day." (from assholes)

I love tattoos. I'm running out of real estate, and getting to my tattoo artist nowadays would be a massive PITA (see #3 below), but *damn*, I want more tattoos. Here's what I have currently:

## #1: WWJD Bracelet (left wrist)

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "tattoos/wwjd.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "A WWJD bracelet tattooed on my left wrist"
%}

When I was in junior high/high school, the "WWJD" bracelets were all the rage amongst Christian kids (of which I was one). I had a black band w/ gold lettering that I never took off from age... idk, 12? 13? until I had arm surgery when I was 19. It had gotten so gross and matted over the years[^1] that the surgery prep team had to cut it off of me, which bummed me out. I got a replacement, but it just didn't feel the same.

So, at age 24, I went to what was supposed to be the best shop in my area and got a true replacement inked on me for my first tattoo. They let the apprentice do it, and if I had to grade his work, I'd probably give him a D. The lettering is ok (but I had another artist pack it with white later on), but the black fill is poor, the lines aren't straight... overall, it's just not good.

I don't mind having this ink, even as someone not affiliated with the church anymore. The stories of Jesus paint him as a pretty dope dude, and modern Christianity seems to ignore his teachings. I've thought about having this blacked out & replaced with something new, but Apple Watches don't do great with full coverage tattoos (or didn't when they first came out, at least), so I've been hesitant.

[^1]: I washed it along with my arm every day, relax.

## #2: Treble/Bass Clef (left upper arm)

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "tattoos/music.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "A treble & bass clef, plus music staff, tattooed on my left bi/tricep"
%}

This is a [tribute to my mom](/the-death-of-music). While I may not play as much as I used to, it's still a nice reminder of her that I carry with me daily.

This is back at the same shop as the first ink, this time done by the guy that had a great reputation. I had to really advocate for myself to get the ink I wanted; he kept trying to modify the design in a way that I wasn't fond of. His after-care instructions were also a pile of garbage ("Go home and run it under the hottest water you can stand. Basically, scald it. That'll kill the bacteria." Kids, do not do this.), and this tattoo also has a ton of issues w/ the black packing just like my first one did.

In hindsight, that shop sucked, and we just didn't have better options in my hometown back then.

## #3: Phoenix (right forearm)

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "tattoos/phoenix.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "A blue, green, and purple phoenix tattooed on my right forearm"
%}

I'd been wanting a phoenix tattoo for ages. I'd always envisioned it on my right arm, arms outstretched and spreading up on to my hand. I'd grown tired of corporate America pretty quickly, and figured I could easily weed out the good orgs from the bad by having a tattoo that would be visible from underneath my dress shirts.

My wife has *amazing* tattoos; a full bird & moth sleeve, plus a full cat sleeve filled in with mandalas, all done by [Rabbit Abby](https://www.instagram.com/rabbitabbytatuering/). (Here's [the top of my wife's bird sleeve](https://www.instagram.com/p/4BIJ-ys8eL/), [her old cat Pepper](https://www.instagram.com/p/BepN3ytHvbd/), and [the full cat sleeve (part 1)](https://www.instagram.com/p/BusK3xkABdO/) [(part 2)](https://www.instagram.com/p/BvaYLVcg2-O/). I got to meet Rabbit during one of her sessions, and casually mentioned that I was interested in getting some more work done. I was *super* impressed with [(mild NSFW) a full-torso fox](https://www.instagram.com/p/35NrQgM8YB/) that she had just done for another client. Rabbit had just begun pivoting into exclusively doing black & white realism tattoos, but seemed excited by my idea, so I booked a session.

I couldn't be more happy with how [my phoenix](https://www.instagram.com/p/76Y1IWs8dT/) turned out. It's different than the concept I'd originally had in my mind, but better than what I'd envisioned. We did a color palette swap to make it more unique, and also because I really vibed with the Pokémon Articuno.

## #4: Pokémon Sleeve (right arm)

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "tattoos/pokemon.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "My full Pokémon sleeve on my right arm"
%}

While working on the phoenix, Rabbit and I started talking about anything and everything. Turns out, she's a huge gamer nerd like I was, and also enjoys Pokémon. I knew at that moment what I wanted to do for my next tattoo.

I decided that, before I got the ink done, I had to do a replay of Pokémon Blue, just to make sure I did still love the game as much as I thought I did. Turns out, it became a great inspiration for what we put on my arm.

The Pokémon I got inked were:

- Venusaur, Charmander, and Squirtle (Venusaur instead of Bulbasaur to indicate that they're my favorite)
- Pikachu (because they're iconic)
- Eevee, because my niece was infatuated w/ them at that time (also, the 5th starter since Pokémon Let's Go!)
- Alakazam, Dewgong, Dugtrio, Gyarados, and Snorlax (them + Venusaur were my party for the Elite Four)
  - Also, Snorlax is playing Pokémon Blue on his Atomic Purple GameBoy Color, just like I did
- Ghastly, Jigglypuff, and Geodude (small round-ish Pokémon to help fill in some gaps)

I love this ink so much. So happy I got it. It's a great conversation starter too, both with fellow Millennials as well as younger kids.

## #5: Pixel Tribute (left forearm)

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "tattoos/pixel.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "A pixelated black heart and a cat paw print on my left forearm"
%}

[When Pixel died last year](/pixel), I knew I wanted to get a little tribute tattoo for him. My left arm has seemingly become a quasi-memorial graveyard (my mom, my first kitten, and Jesus).

I knew instantly that I wanted to do a black, pixelated, Zelda-esque heart, so that part was easy. One of the things the vet that helped Pixel transition did was get us his footprints inked on cards; those sit in and outside my office. I had hopes that I could somehow replicate that around the heart as well.

A friend of ours here in our current city was able to slot me in a week after Pixel died, and did just the most amazing job. The detail on his paw print is just incredible. I tried not to cry as she worked, and it turned out amazing.

---

So there you go. There's all my ink that I have currently. Writing this post has made me want to go get more, though... so maybe that will change soon.
