---
title: "Now (August 2024)"
permalink: /now-august-2024/index.html
date: 2024-08-13T15:10:30Z
description: My, how time flies.
image: now.jpg
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

July has come and gone. August is half over. What even is time?

**The weight loss journey has stalled.** I was successful in shedding 10lbs within the first month. After that, things just... stopped. I've been holding steady just under 190lbs, which is great. But, there's still 30lbs left to go. I have grand aspirations to start going to the gym in 2 weeks time (more on that in a second), so hopefully I can still hit my goal before the end of the year.

**V starts school in 2 weeks.** We decided to send her to the Montessori school just up the street, and she starts at the end of August. We toured the facility back in April/May, and the entire time she was trying to get in to the classrooms to see what the other kids were doing (they were all waving at her too, which was very cute). 

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "keyboards/keyboards-08-24.jpg",
  position: "right",
  alt: "The latest iteration of the keyboard wall"
%}

**I added to the keyboard collection.** I've had a couple of keyboard projects just sitting for a long time, but I finally took the time to build them last month. We have:

- A new IKEA Skadis board with some more hooks and containers, because I was running out of space
- (Top section, bottom right, white blank keycaps) a [Pikatea Cerberus](https://www.pikatea.com/products/pikatea-cerberus-low-profile-keyboard-kit). Saw this one at the Iowa Keyboard Meetup this spring, and asked the creator if he would make me one as well. This was my first time doing a full assembly - soldering the diodes, the controller, and the switches. It took about 2 hours, but I only had 3 mistakes that were easily fixed.
- (Bottom section, 2nd to last row) a [KeebIO FoldKB](https://keeb.io/products/foldkb?srsltid=AfmBOooR_ocfM7l2T6OpQpXo2RbrShdi3meiKOPgGdywaBWh7QusCXPq). Won this at the aforementioned Iowa Keyboard Meetup, but it had just sat for ages, as I couldn't find keycaps I wanted for this. Made use of some summer sales to finally get some (DSA Berry Yogurt), assembled, and we're good to go!

I also had a bit of extra room on the pegboard, so I threw my consoles and controller on there too. Plenty of expansion room for later! (I'm going to make a page this week with info on all the keyboards I have, so stay tuned if you're curious.)

**V had her first slip & slide experience.** We have family that does a big party every summer, and we took her out to go check it out. We went down 1 time, went faster than we anticipated, and V decided that yes she had fun, but no she did not want to do it again. We spent the rest of the time pushing cousins down the slide, playing with bubbles, trying to watch the USA vs. France men's basketball gold medal game, and having a blast on a gorgeous day.

**I started going to therapy.** I've now had 2 sessions with my therapist, and I gotta tell you... it's pretty damn great. I'm using it as a building block of my yearly theme, ["the Year of Understanding"](/year-of-understanding/), as I try to learn more about how I function and exist in the world. Now if only they would accept my FSA card for payment...

**All of my projects have been on standby.** I've really been leaning into the ADHD, letting it take me where it thinks I should go on a given evening instead of trying to wrestle it into submission. None of my projects have had any meaningful work done to them.

- This site still has a light mode feature coming at some point.
- My daily sports email still needs NFL and NBA hookups, plus making sure that the MLB data is set for the playoffs.
- I think I'm actually going to move the games, books, keyboards, and albums into this site, vs. doing it as a standalone thing. We'll see.
- I haven't opened Xcode intentionally[^1] in a month.

The only project I made any effort on was [migrating all of my old blog posts onto this site](/the-great-migration/), but I haven't entered the realm of doing any clean up yet. Maybe just getting it over here is Good Enough™.

[^1]: No, computer, I *don't* want every .json file to open in Xcode. Stop it.
