---
title: "Scouts"
description: "4 short stories about my time as a Boy Scout."
permalink: /scouts
date: 2024-05-25T15:00:00Z
tags: 
  - Personal
  - WeblogPoMo 2024
---

4 short stories about my time as a Boy Scout.

---

I took 2 "High Adventure" trips with the Scouts. The first was a hiking trip in Glacier National Park in Montana. We hiked 44 miles in 4 days, carrying everything we needed on our backs. It was beautiful and grueling and a fantastic memory.

On the 3rd day, we crested the particular mountain we were climbing, and began our descent down the other side. On my left, a sheer rock wall. On my right, a 500 foot drop into an open valley, filled with trees and a gorgeous lake. The path was maybe 4 feet wide, somewhat loose gravel; not inherently deadly, but not the easiest place to walk when you're fully loaded with camping gear. I remember putting my walking stick in my right hand, to better prop myself as I walked and keep myself from getting too close to the edge. This worked great.

It was a bit of a breezy day. The wind was shooting in off the lake, shoving me towards the cliff wall on my left. Perfect, I thought. But then, somehow, the wind shot in to the wall above me, slid down the wall, and tried to shove me off the path.

I nearly fell 3 times in about 10 seconds. It's the closest I've ever been to death.

I looked in front of me; the other kids & their dad were way out in front. I looked behind me; my dad was working his way down the path and hadn't seen a thing.

I shook my head, gripped my stick, and kept going.

---

Every summer, we went to the nearby camp for a week in the summer. I always had a fantastic time there; good weather, swimming, tons of activities for us to do.

In the evenings, we'd often sit around the camp site playing games. One particular card game we played was called "Spoons"; it's akin to Musical Chairs. You all sit around a table, and everyone gets dealt 4 cards. The dealer then starts going through the remainder of the deck 1 card at a time as fast as they can. They can pass the card if they don't want it, or swap with a card in their hand and pass that card. The goal is to get 4 of a kind, and then reach in to the center and grab a spoon (there's 1 fewer spoon than there are players). When someone takes a spoon, that's everyone else's cue to grab one for themselves. The person without a spoon is out for the remainder of that game.

I remember one particular game, I got 4 of a kind. I dropped my cards, and reached for the spoon. But we were playing on picnic tables, and as I reached, my finger got hung up in the little gap between planks, before springing free and hitting the spoon I was reaching for into the lap of the kid across from me. By the time I recovered, everyone else had grabbed a spoon for themselves.

I, the one who had actually gotten 4 of a kind and initiated the mad scramble, was out.

---

The other High Adventure trip I went on was to the Boundary Waters in northern Minnesota, We spent 7 days canoeing, day-hiking, swimming, jumping into waterfalls, and fishing. Our path took us right up to the Canadian border; at one point, I diverted my canoe onto Canadian soil so I could use the bathroom (my international excursions include building a house in Mexico, and taking a piss in Canada).

We were 4 days into our trip, as far from home base as we could possibly be, and decided to do some fishing. I got a bite, and after wrestling it in, I realized I'd caught a gigantic largemouth bass.

We took it back to shore, and took some cursory measurements before releasing it. (I forget the exact measurements here, but remember the important details.) The fish measured about 21 inches, easily the biggest fish I'd ever caught. Simultaneously, my best friend was about a quarter mile away on the rocks catching a 30 inch northern pike. So I thought I'd been overshadowed.

When we got back to base, we shared the story with the guys at the shop and showed them the photos. The guy stared for a second, then grabbed a book that had all of the logs of the records for fish sizes. The record was 21.5 inches. And he says "well, if you'd fanned the tail out like you're supposed to, you would've gotten an extra inch and a half."

So I am the unofficial record holder for largemouth bass in the state of Minnesota.[^1]

Unrelated: there was a restaurant in Ely, MN called Cranberry's that I had fond memories of. We at there the night before our canoe excursion, and the day we got back. I don't remember what we ate, but it was good, the staff was fantastic, and we had a great time.

[^1]: It turns out that the record would've only stood for a year or so; a 23.5" largemouth was recorded in 2005.

---

I have my Eagle Scout. I'm very proud of this, and it's unlocked a handful of doors for me over the years.

About a year prior to receiving it, I got into a very, very minor altercation with another scout in our troop. Due to a misunderstanding, he got in my face wanting to fight; I didn't push it, but I didn't back down either.

Due to that altercation, my Scoutmaster implemented a condition to getting my Eagle Scout, in that I was required me to take 1 anger management class. I don't remember many specifics about things I learned in school or as a kid, but I still use some of those tools that I learned in that 4 hour class nearly 20 years later. Breathing exercises, conflict management, and more. I'll forever be grateful that I was made to take that class.
