---
title: "Now (June 2024)"
image: now.jpg
permalink: /now-june-2024
date: 2024-06-04T15:00:00Z
tags: now
categories: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

First and foremost, **welcome to my somewhat revamped website**. I've been meaning to make a bunch of changes for ages, then held off when participating in [Weblog Posting Month](/categories#WeblogPoMo). But how we're out the other side, I had plenty of coffee, so I knocked it all out.

- Most of these changes were back-end related. I have a new/better way of adding images to my posts, my navigation content is organized for use in a couple of spots, all of my images live in a more appropriate folder, and so on. If you're a weirdo who enjoys seeing how the sausage is made, [you should be able to view my pull request](https://github.com/niclake/niclake.github.io/pull/18).
- My friend [Ben](https://bencardy.co.uk) made me a nifty little monogram. You should see that up at the top of the page, as well as at the bottom of each post.
- Those nifty little monograms change color every time you refresh the page. Go on, try it!
- The biggest change is that, if you land on [my home page](/), it's no longer the root of my blog (you can find that at [/blog/](/blog/) now). In an effort to trick people into thinking I'm more professional, I made my site root a simple landing page, surfacing some recent blog posts & projects.
- I've also introduced or surfaced a bunch of different pages (About, Now, Uses, and Style Guide); rather than link to them all individually, you can find them all over at [/pages](/pages).
- All of this is on top of [some other cosmetic changes I made last month](/changes). Being on my own site every day gave me a ton of opportunity to examine what was working and what wasn't, and make a bunch of changes for the better.

If you see anything you love, or if something is broken, [please reach out and let me know](/hello)!

**The NBA Finals are fast approaching**. I'll be honest, I'm really nervous about this one as a Celtics fan. We were the best team in the regular season. We waltzed through the Eastern conference playoffs. But dang, I do *not* feel good about the matchup against the Mavs. Fingers are crossed.

**This weekend will mark 1 year since Pixel passed away**. (For those unfamiliar, [I wrote up a nice little piece for him last year](/pixel).) Like then, grief continues to come in waves. I've been hit more and more frequently as of late with the impending anniversary. My wife frequently wears a locket with Pixel's photo in it, and V likes to get her to open it, say "Hi Pixel!", and give the locket a kiss. Last night, she was looking at a book with a bunch of different cartoon cats in it, and she'd point to the striped cats and say "Bearcat" or the spotted cats and say "Beau Beau". I pointed to the black cat and asked "who's that?" **"That's Pixel!"** Whether she remembers him fondly, or just knows the name from Mom and Dad talking about him in front of her, I'm not sure. I'm gonna choose to believe the former.

**I switched from learning Spanish to Japanese**. Spanish was just reminding me too much of high school. Japanese is a fresh start (also it's hard as fuck? What the hell). Whenever I meet Shohei Ohtani, I'll be ready. (I also started learning some more sign language, but the service is not cheap, so I've hit pause on that for a bit.)

**I (re)played a couple older platformers**. I finally beat *Hollow Knight*, and immediately jumped in to *Celeste* and finished that up last month. It's been nice to actually get some use out of the Steam Deck, although now my PC is just sitting abandoned underneath my desk. I started *Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door* this past weekend, but I'm not far into it yet. Hopefully I'll be able to wrap that up before June 21st; the *Elden Ring* expansion comes out that day. I've not gotten far into *Elden Ring* before, seeing as it came out within a week of my daughter being born, so I'm excited to dive in and experience the whole game. I also reorganized my [games backlog](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zg-SOYI8DlH-ibSNslfPtq0xJB4sEMb_7OHKbq2qclk/edit#gid=1698105614). (*Games beaten in 2024: 5*)

**I've read 15 pages in the last month and a half**. After a pretty decent April, along with a bunch of motivation to be a part of [/r/fantasy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fantasy/)'s Book Bingo Challenge, I just lost all motivation to sit down with a book. This does dovetail perfectly with the start of the NBA playoffs, so I'm gonna give myself some grace and just dive back in. (*Books read in 2024: 7*)

**I have a cool idea for a simple iPhone app**. Hopefully I can find some time in the near future to work on that.

**My ADHD meds were changed**, and I feel great. They give me a tremendous amount of focus during the day, and now my challenge is making sure that focus is pointed in the right direction. To that end...

**I've been playing around with a lot of automation-type stuff** on my iPhone and Mac, doing whatever I can to set myself up for success on a daily basis. I'm going to write more about that here after I make sure my Focus Mode settings are ironed out, but I'm really enjoying this process.[^1]

[^1]: Sneak peek - I hijacked the "Lock Screen" shortcut on my Mac to shut off the lights in my office if the laptop is docked. My wife thinks this is great ("hey you turned your lights off") and the dumbest thing imaginable simultaneously.

**We got an air fryer**. Those were the best damn fish sticks I've ever had.
