---
title: "Faith"
date: "2010-03-12"
tags:
  - "life"
  - "thoughts"
---

I'm really outspoken about a lot of things.  I'll tell you straight up when you're being an idiot, and I don't like playing games with people, at all.

So it seems really weird to me that I always find it so hard to talk about my faith and religion.

See, for me, a person's faith is a personal choice.  A very intimate one, at that.  Most of the time, when I hear people talk about their religious beliefs in a public setting (and remember, I'm a college student), it's hearing people talk about why they are atheist/agnostic, and why Christianity (or other religions) are "stupid" and "pointless".  Rarely do I hear people talking about why they are Christian/Buddhist/Muslim/etc. outside of a worship/church setting.  (sorry for all the /'s)

So let me state... I am a Christian.  I grew up Methodist with my parents, have attended Reform, Catholic, and various other denomination of services, and now attend a Lutheran church (Catholic Light, as some people call them), where I play guitar in the band nearly every week.  I'm not a member of the church (yet), but I consider it to be home.

Do I care where people go to church at?  Nope.  I think the fact that people choose to worship at all to be excellent.  If they like a different environment, or a slightly different way for the word to be presented to them, so be it.  The fact that people worship of their own accord is a great thing in my eyes.

If we go by Christian standards, then I've sinned.  A lot.  And I've made the same mistakes multiple times.  No one's perfect, and I never claimed to be.  However, by being a Christian, I believe that I've been able to keep most of my sinful ways in check, or at least preventing the ones I don't check from getting too far out of hand.  I don't sleep around, I don't binge drink, I don't steal, murder, or anything like that.

See, most people view religion as worshiping God (I'm sticking with Christianity from here on out, because that's what I know) as a means to repent and get into Heaven.  Great, I'd like that too, thank you very much.

But I'm 23.

I have no plans on dying anytime soon.

See, to me, religion is far more than the long run.  The short run is just as important.  I've watched the prototypical Christians go throughout their life, being great people, and never wrong anyone (at least not visibly).  I've also met people who claim to be Christian, but only when it's convenient for them.  They go to church on Sundays, sometimes hung over from the night before.  They lie and cheat their way to a better life.

Is that any way to live?

Christianity, and I believe religion as a whole, gives us guidance and guidelines to follow in life.  I think all in all, these guidelines are good and lead us to have more fulfilling lives on the whole.

But... let's say I'm a good person in general.  That I don't do stupid things.  What's my incentive to believe then?

Let's say the existence of God is true, until it can be proven false.  You can go about any method you choose.  In the end, I have 2 options (believe or don't believe) and 2 outcomes (God's real, or not real).

If I believe, and God exists - I've lived a good, fulfilling life, and I go to Heaven.

If I believe, and God doesn't exist - I've lived a good, fulfilling life, and I die.

Now, if I don't believe, and God doesn't exist - I've lived a good, fulfilling life, and I die.

In the above options, I either go on to Heaven, or my life is over.

But... if I don't believe, and God does exist... well then, even if I lived a good and fulfilling life, I'm still doomed for hell.

Even if we take all the finer points of religion out of the equation... I don't know about you, but I really don't feel like taking chances.
