---
title: "What I Learned In College..."
date: "2010-11-19"
tags:
  - "Personal"
---

College has been the best and worst experience of my life. I say that now, knowing full well that I have 3 semesters left to go. I have learned so much since the fall of 2005 when I stepped foot into my dorm for the first time. Yet at the same time, I feel like I've learned nothing at all.

See, college is funny. College gives us a place to go to "further our education", a place to pour thousands and thousands of our parent's dollars into, in order to get force-fed a whole bunch of nonsense that we will probably never utilize again, and more than likely won't even be close to the career field that we end up in. But here we are, just waiting to line up at the end of the day and get a slip of paper.

Actually, scratch that... those get mailed to us at a later date. Fuckin' pricks, can't even give us what we earned on time. Right, Allyn?

Instead, the things that I've learned fall more into the "life experience" category. Even the things I've learned in school have fallen here. Humanities 2, the one I took only because I liked the professor (I thought I'd hate the subject matter), has been one of the most eye-opening and enlightening classes I've taken. That is, when I'm awake enough to comprehend the lecture. I'd call it class discussion, but there's only one guy that ever talks, so...

So what I have I learned? I lump these things into 2 very gigantic buckets: Things About Nic, and Things About Life.<!--more-->

**Things About Nic:** - I love to learn. I hate to be taught. - Music is something I enjoy, yet I don't want to practice in order to improve for some idiotic reason. - I am neither a liberal or a conservative. I walk a fine line between both. As such, I sometimes contradict myself, but this only goes to help me truly discover my opinions on things. - I'm about the most liberal Christian you'll ever meet. - I am EXTREMELY opinionated, yet I rarely let you know that. Most of the time, I'll nod and smile until you shut up. - I don't like weed. Or beer. - I believe that "that's what she said" jokes were the best invention since Pop Tarts. The brown sugar cinnamon kind. - Ignorance annoys the hell out of me. I don't like not knowing, and it infuriates me when others don't know and don't care to know. Thus, I ask my friends for help on subjects they're familiar with, and Google/Wikipedia the rest, so I can combat this on my end. - I'm extremely lazy about things, even things I care about. I will not put forth any effort for things that I don't care about. - As a counter to above, when I find something I do care about it (or get into one of my phases), I will devour that subject so intensely that I practically forget everything else. Normally, the suspect is video games, music, or photography. Other times, it's Isaac Newton, every season of The Office, or programming. - The thing I want most in life: a family. The longest I've ever gotten along with a roommate: 3 months. Not quite sure how that one's gonna work itself out. - I use my depression as a crutch. And I hate it. - At multiple times in my life, I've thought I had ADD and dyslexia. - I really wish I hate a note taking device plugged in directly to my thought processes. Some of the things I think of make me go "WTF? No, go back, go back!!!" Case in point... I had about 10 things to add to this list, and forgot them on the walk back. - I can hold a conversation with any person, any day, any time. Unless that person is a female that I'm attracted to. Then I clam up. - My biggest fear in life: rejection. This is why I'm single a lot, or why I haven't asked out the girl in my dorm that I've had an eye for since day 1. By the same token, this is why I don't date around, and possibly why my relationships have been longer and more meaningful. - I bleed money like it's going out of style. Whomever I marry had best be good with a budget. - Sports don't hold the luster for me like they used to. I still love watching baseball, football and basketball, but they don't hold the same luster for me as they once did. - I don't let people close to me, because I've been hurt before. Yet I blog about some of the most intimate details of my life, in hopes that someone will read them. - I hate politics. I hate them so much, I've often thought of becoming a politician so I could help change things for the better. - I could graduate today with a B.S. in BS. I'd get a Masters within a week. Yet writing fiction and/or lyrics eludes me. - As I approach age 24, I wonder if I'll live to see age 50. Not because of any immediate health concerns, but because I believe World War 3 is inevitable, due to the ever increasing population and the lack of food or land available for these people. Talk about bright and cheery.

**Things About Life:** - _"Men have enough blood to think with their brain, or their penis, but not both."_ << no phrase has ever been spoken about human males with any more truth than that. - People never want your opinion. They want you to tell them what they want to hear. Sometimes, this pisses them off, and somehow that's your fault. - America was founded on the basis that people should never be oppressed and never be fearful of their government. America is now a country of apathy and "sorry, that's not our problem". - Humanity looks down upon anyone who's not exactly like them. - Those that try to be independent always end up in another crowd. - The people near the top of the totem pole are usually always the suck ups, kiss-asses, and brainless scum of the corporate world. - Life is completely unfair, cynical, and ironic. - People that can't laugh at themselves get laughed at even more by the rest of humanity. - There are always many "right ways" of doing things. There's also many "wrong ways". - Sneezing, coughing, burping, and farting all at the same time hurts. I dub this a "snough farp". - Everyone has vices. Most of them are minor, but are made into major ones when others want to fight about it. - Doing the right thing doesn't always mean doing the right thing. - Everything happens for a reason. Sometimes that reason is just to piss you off. - We are a society that prides ourselves on looks and power. We are also a society that has an astronomical divorce rate. Think about it. - The more "social networking" we add into our lives (e-mail, Facebook, Twitter, etc.), the more distanced from reality we become. - Every single person will drive away at least 1 person that really cared about them at some point in their life. The lucky ones will only do it to 1 person. - Every single person is evil. Every single one. Society just teaches us to temper that and channel it towards things like "good business practice", "capitalism", and "one night stands".
