---
title: "Whoops!"
date: "2010-02-08"
tags:
  - "football"
  - "life"
  - "sports"
  - "stupid"
  - "thoughts"
---

I'm not sure who would feel worse in this situation, me or the girl...

So I'm working tonight, watching the game live on my laptop.  Trying to study some, but not managing to do too much.  Since I was reading, I sat out in the actual seats, rather than behind the desk (since the lighting glares off my book weird back there).  Cute girl comes and sits down next to me, realizes I'm watching the game (I swear I didn't mean to yell that loud), and starts watching along with me while she does her homework.  We strike up a little conversation, which goes everywhere.  She likes football.  She's stressed out with school.  She's an Econ major.  Yadda yadda.  Seems nice, definitely attractive.  Anyone who actually knows me probably realizes  how rare this is (me actually talking to a female?  GASP!), and is probably wondering where this is going to go wrong.

I'll break for a moment so you can place your bets.

Ready? Ok.

So (another GASP! moment) after 2+ hours of talk, attempted homework, and football, she finishes her paper and starts to pack up.  I tell my internal self to shut the hell up, go out on a limb, and ask the girl if she'd like to go out for coffee this week.  (I seriously haven't been that nervous since I asked my first girlfriend out... and that was a huge deal.)  She looks at me with a skeptical look, and then it was almost like a lightbulb switching on.

The next two things happened in quick succession.

1) The door to the lab opened, and another relatively attractive girl walked in (though the first one was far and away better looking) and walked right towards us.

2) Girl I've been talking to: "Oh wow, I feel kinda dumb... I'm sorry.  Nothing against you, but... well, this is my girlfriend, \[name\]." (as the other girl gets to us)

Whoops...

I swear, all women that are single should have some sort of "I'm available" sign that they display.  It's hard enough for some guys (raises hand and waves franticly) to even approach women, and to get turned down because of stupid reasons like this... rawr!

Damn, she was hot...
