---
layout: post
title: "The Chief Keef 'That's That Shit I Don't Like' Trophy Case"
categories: Personal WeblogPoMo
description: "If I'm gonna be negative online, this is going to be the place for it."
---

[Dave Rupert (@davatron5000) on Mastodon.social](https://mastodon.social/@davatron5000/112479724323610058):

> Free Idea: You get one page on your website to list all the stuff you don’t like (react, tailwind, capitalism, whatever) and then the rest of the site can be about stuff you do like (birds, music, books, whatever). So whenever you’re writing a post and start edgelord’ing towards a rehashing of the stuff you don’t like, you can say “oh I already wrote about that!”  

I'm shamelessly stealing this, because it's a great idea, and actually allows me a space to gripe online! Who knows, I'll probably turn this into an actual page someday.

(The title of this post/page comes from [Shea Serrano](https://twitter.com/SheaSerrano), who is one of the hosts of the outstanding [Six Trophies](https://wondery.com/shows/six-trophies/) podcast. "Next up: the Chief Keef 'That's that shit I don't like' trophy, which is given out to whoever it is who does something, and we just don't like it. We don't like it. [I don't like it!](https://overcast.fm/+BEI9m884Yw/42:37)")

This is not meant to be an exhaustive list. Lots of things make me grumpy. But these are the ones on my mind right now.

- Olives. They're gross and shouldn't be a thing.
- Politics. The worst![^1]
- They've closed one of the 3 bridges that cross the river here; while the other two are Fine™, they add about 5 minutes each way for taking V to her grandparent's house (and also to where the woodshop is).
- Social media. [It sucks!](/fuck-social-media/) And I love it. But it sucks!
- MLB blackouts. [As an Iowan](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/16/MLB_Blackout_Areas.svg/776px-MLB_Blackout_Areas.svg.png), if the schedule breaks right, there will be some days where I am blacked out of watching 40% of the baseball games that day. Shit's unacceptable.
- 2.5-3 hour podcasts as a normal thing. Why? Do you really have that much interesting stuff to say? You need an editor.
- "Inflation", aka "well everyone needed stuff for the pandemic so we're jacking up the price because we can". (Yes, I took economics, I understand supply and demand. These are my gripes. Begone with you.)
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com). Dave mentioning this in his post is what actually prompted me to write this. I didn't know Tailwind was a thing until last week, and I really wish I had never learned about it. It's an awful implementation for lazy developers who don't want to learn how to do real front end work.
- Somehow nobody has built a teleporter *or* a time machine yet. This is an outrage.
- Getting old. I didn't develop a good exercise habit at a younger age, and I'm paying for that now in my ~~mid~~ late 30s.[^2]
- Sporting events starting at/after 8pm Central. I realize the west coast is a thing, and I empathize with people having to work. But could we not? Normally Central Time is the best time for viewing all sporting events, but even I can't make it through late night baseball games (and I pity east coast fans trying to watch).
- The New York Yankees.
- I've always been the person who's Macs & Apple products Just Work™; whenever people have a problem, it used to be that I'd never heard of it before. Now, my devices are doing weird things *all the time*. I feel like I have to restart my iPhone at least once a week nowadays.
- Allergies. I have a mild grass allergy. It makes springtime an absolute nightmare.
- When you are out of your meds that help you focus, and the pharmacy calls and says "hey your meds are ready" and you think "perfect, I need them for tomorrow's dose, I'll go get them in the morning", but then you go and realize it's Sunday and the pharmacy is closed on Sundays.
- Getting a new iPad for the first time in ages, and being really excited to use it one evening, but you've forgotten to charge it because you're still not used to using the iPad every day.
- When you start on a project, go to the hardware store and get everything* you need, get home, start on it, realize "ah jeez, I need something else", go *back* to the hardware store and get everything else** you need, get home, get 99% of the way done, realize "ah *fuck* I need one more thing", go back to the hardware store and get the last thing, get home, and finish the project. And then it sits unused.
- Dill pickles. Nah.
  
[^1]: Every time someone says "I should get in to politics, I really want to do good and fix all the things", I'm reminded of [my favorite XKCD](https://xkcd.com/927/). (Not that they wouldn't try. But the outcome is always the same.)
[^2]: When I was 26, I herniated a disc in my back by sleeping on a futon. I wish I was kidding.
