---
layout: post
title: "Mornings Are For Coffee & Contemplation"
categories: Personal WeblogPoMo
description: "Join me as I share about my morning ritual + the tools I use to make coffee"
---

{% include image.html
  src="coffee/coffee.JPG"
  alt="A full shot of the coffee equipment"
%}

*Note: this post contains affiliate links to the various products I use.*

[A couple of days ago, I blogged about one of my "meditations"](/meditation), a way that I found myself able to center my mind and reset around noon or at the end of the day. But how about starting my day? What do I do there?

That, my friends, is what coffee is for.

Specifically, that's what the process of making my coffee is all about. A small 7-8 minute window wherein I go through the ritual of brewing a fresh cup of coffee for myself while my daughter plays in the other room. It's how I wake up, how I get right with the day as it begins. It's part of why I bring so much of this stuff with me when I go on vacation[^1], because it's all about that initial process of creation that sets me up for the day ahead.

[^1]: My wife has just learned to accept this as part of our travel life now, and to her credit, she's purchased things for me as gifts to enable this behavior. I love and appreciate her for this.

## The Equipment

{% include image.html
  src="coffee/coffee-top.JPG"
  alt="The Every Day Brewing Tools"
%}

Let's start with what's on the counter for use every day. From left to right:

- [An Aeropress][aeropress] plus a [flow control filter cap][aeropressflow]. This is (well, was until recently) my go-to for travel coffee, and I use it to make iced coffees in the summer. The flow control cap is great; the fussiest part of the Aeropress is creating the vacuum seal before too much liquid escapes, and this solves all of that hassle (although it does make plunging a bit more effort).
- [A Hario V60][v60]. This is my every day coffee maker; I entered the world of pour over coffee about 3 years ago, and I've never looked back. I've owned 2; the first fell victim to a cat on the counter.
- [A Hario pour over scale][scale]. It's not perfect (the touch buttons can sometimes not register), but overall it's perfect for what I need. The integrated timer makes this fantastic.
- [A COSORI electric gooseneck kettle][kettle]. Great little kettle for your pour over needs. Less great for things like tea or hot chocolate, simply because of the restricted flow rate. Also, I wish that the max fill line was also stamped on the front, instead of where the handle is, because you have to hold it somewhat awkwardly to see it. Minor gripes, though. The multiple temp buttons and hold setting are perfect.
- [A Baratza Encore grinder][grinder]. Baratza is fantastic not only from a construction standpoint, but from a repair standpoint; they sell EVERY part for this grinder so you can replace them as needed. I've made a few enhancements; [a sticker from Redbubble][sticker], an upgraded conical burr, and 3D printed chaff tray + on/off knob arm. Best bang for your buck grinder, and I have no reason at this time to upgrade.
- [A little spray bottle][spray] for water. Grinding coffee beans can produce static electricity, and the chaff can stick to everything or scatter everywhere. A quick spray of water on the beans before grinding can solve that problem. Any sprayer is fine, but this one makes me feel like a secret agent every time I use it.
- [A Bonavita 8 cup drip machine][brewer]. Most coffee machines fall down in 3 areas; the water doesn't get hot enough when brewing, there's no way to "bloom" the coffee with a small initial pour to help release CO2, and the warming unit underneath scalds the coffee. This machine fixes all of those. I did a ton of research before making this purchase, and I'm really glad I did. It makes terrific coffee for large groups (or when you're really tired in the mornings).
- [An Ember mug][mug]. My first Father's Day gift. I'd previously poured my coffee into a thermos, and then dosed out 2-3 oz at a time into a small mug. This worked ok, but I found that I lost a lot of coffee to "forgetting about it", as I dislike tepid-temped coffee. The mug fixed this problem instantly, and it's probably the best gift my wife has ever gotten me. I have it set to keep my coffee at 130° F, down 5° from default.

[aeropress]: https://amzn.to/3yla4NS
[aeropressflow]: https://amzn.to/3V85X0M
[v60]: https://amzn.to/4dPiZau
[scale]: https://amzn.to/44Mq47T
[kettle]: https://amzn.to/4arj6Gv
[grinder]: https://amzn.to/3QNJkvJ
[sticker]: https://www.redbubble.com/i/sticker/Stardew-Valley-Coffee-by-Serendipitous71/40627443.EJUG5
[spray]: https://amzn.to/4asmdxS
[brewer]: https://amzn.to/4bFJGfW
[mug]: https://amzn.to/3WNBd6e

{% include image.html
  src="coffee/coffee-drawer.JPG"
  alt="The Drawer of Caffenation"
%}

As for the rest of the supplies (mostly left to right, some jumping around):

- V60 filters: I have long used [the default white tabbed filters][v60filters], and they generally work great. However, sometimes they can get clogged or drain slowly, leading to a more bitter cup of coffee. To counteract this, I've started using [CAFEC Abaca filters][abaca] as my go-to filter. They drain much quicker and consistently from bean to bean; if I get one that's too fast, but the flavor profile is there, I'll switch back to the standard filters.
- [Biocoffee][biocoffee]. This is my wife's choice of coffee every day.
- Beans: I get my beans from [Trade Coffee][trade]. I can't express how much I love Trade enough. I did a full breakdown of the pricing of different coffee providers when my daughter was born, trying to figure out which would be best. I landed on Trade, because they would ship coffees as needed, vs. on a fixed schedule, and I've been incredibly happy with them. (If you've not tried them, you can [use my link][trade] to get 30% off your first month; I'll receive a free bag if you do.)
- [A portable grinder][portagrinder]. Perfect for taking on road trips.
- [A Bodum French press][press]. I have both a 17oz and 34oz press. This was the way I first got into coffee, and they still make a terrific cup; however, they tend to be a bit more oily and dense than the pour over, so I don't make them as often anymore. When I do, I employ [James Hoffman's method](https://sevencoffeeroasters.com/blogs/coffee-101/james-hoffmann-french-press), which is essentially to scoop the grounds off the top and let everything settle before plunging. This certainly helps with the oiliness of the method, but is much more fussy and time consuming.
- [A portable pour over cone][razgar]. Another gift from the wife for my portable coffee needs. I made extensive use of this during our recent vacation, and it works flawlessly. Perfect for travel or camping.

[v60filters]: https://amzn.to/4aB6k8E
[abaca]: https://amzn.to/44NODkQ
[biocoffee]: https://biocoffee.com
[trade]: http://rwrd.io/du3ayh2?c
[portagrinder]: https://amzn.to/4ayniUW
[press]: https://amzn.to/3K7OrmU
[razgar]: https://www.etsy.com/listing/1174633678/foldable-pour-over-coffee-maker-cone?click_key=841e3845e0e798702535d1c01e45ff18bb6dfeff%3A1174633678&click_sum=e3fee39d&ref=shop_home_active_1&crt=1

## The Methods

I basically make 2 types of coffee right now - pour overs & iced coffees. Here is a brief rundown of the steps I take for each.

### Pour Over

1. Heat 250g water to 205° F; 195° F if using a dark roast
2. Grind 15g of beans, slightly coarser than you would for typical pour over (16 on the Encore)
3. Rinse the filter/preheat the cone & carafe
4. Dump coffee in to cone, shake to level, then add a little dimple in the center with your finger
5. 0:00-0:10 - pour 50g of water, starting in center and spiraling out
6. 0:10 - give a quick, light swirl, and let bloom
7. 0:45-0:55 - pour 50g of water in concentric circles
8. 1:10-1:20 - pour 50g of water in concentric circles
9. 1:30-1:40 - pour 50g of water in concentric circles
9. 1:50-2:00 - pour 50g of water in concentric circles
10. 2:00 - give a light swirl, and let drain
11. Brewing should be complete by around 3:00-3:15; if shorter, switch to standard filters or grind finer; if longer, grind coarser

### Aeropress Iced Coffee

1. Heat 240g water to 205° F; 195° F if using a dark roast
2. Place 160g of ice (~4-5 ice cubes) in a mug/cup suitable for plunging Aeropress (I use an insulated travel mug)
3. Grind 22g of beans on a fine setting (9 on the Encore)
4. Assemble Aeropress (no need to rinse filter), place on mug/cup, and add grinds
5. (Optional) add 1 packet of raw sugar to the grinds
6. Add 240g of water (will be just below the brim), and give a quick swirl/stir
7. If using the standard filter cap, add plunger to create vacuum seal
8. Let brew for 3:30
9. Give a quick swirl, and brew for 30 more seconds
10. Plunge through the hiss into the iced mug/cup; should take about 30 seconds

---

There you go! A full rundown of my coffee setup + brewing methods. I hope this is helpful to someone, and/or gives people some ideas about where to go next with their own coffee journeys. If you have a post like this, let me know - I would love to check it out!
