---
layout: post
title: "35"
categories: Personal
description: "I can't figure out what to write today, so here's a list of thoughts."
---

I wrote a list with 35 `<li>`s.

1. Bulbasaur is the best Pokémon. There is no debate here. You may have a different opinion, but it's wrong, and that's ok.
2. I think that Bill Murray is dead, because somehow, him getting shot in *"Zombieland"* is lodged in my brain as canon, and I can't purge it.
3. I've been sober for 137 days.
4. Fender guitars are the best.
5. If you tell me a party starts at 7, I'm showing up at 7. I'll probably be outside at 6:50, to be honest. "Nobody shows up on time to a party" I do.
6. Bidets are weird. We own one, I understand the concept, but I'll never be ok with spraying my bottom with freezing cold water.
7. I was interrupted writing this post by my daughter coming in to put a bunch of butterfly stickers on my leg.
8. Sharpie Gel pens are the best commercially available pens out there. Chuck those Pilot G2s in the trash.
9. I was again interrupted by my daughter; this time, she came in to the room with a wooden chef's knife, stood by me until I looked at her, shouted "HI-YA!!!", and laughed.
10. I don't believe in horoscopes, Enneagram, Myers-Briggs, or any of that; I *do* think they can be useful tools, but defining your life into a small bucket seems silly.
11. Cookies should be eaten straight out of the freezer, especially Thin Mints.
12. Having fear of something is not the problem, it's the fear towards the fear.
13. This morning, I learned about an unincorporated community in Texas named Ding Dong. I want to move there.
14. TV shows are probably dead last on my list of "everyday activity I'd like to pass my free time with". I know I'm missing out on some great stuff, but that's just how my mind works.
15. Related: I've not seen every episode of *"The Office"* or *"Parks & Rec"*, but I have listened to every episode at least a dozen times since that's what my wife watches when she's going to sleep.
16. It's absolutely wild to me that the internet is a thing. That some brilliant minds contrived of it and built it, that others have come along and bolted enhancements to the existing framework, and that it exists today. It's just wild to think about.
17. Same with cell phones. I can be practically anywhere in the world and speak to you with minimal delay? Mind boggling.
18. I personally rank sushi establishments by how good their spicy salmon rolls are.
19. A friend and I spent 3 weeks in college learning how to throw a knuckleball. We didn't have a backstop, so the best ones either rolled far away, or hit us.
20. I'm not a lyric person; a good melody is all it takes to hook me. I'll come back to the lyrics after I've listened to the song about 3 dozen times.
21. Related: I love instrumental prog metal.
22. I've always been at least a year behind the times on adopting tech-related things. Podcasts. Spotify. Bitcoin. Software languages. Ultrawide monitors.
23. Money can buy you peace and comfort, which is the key to true happiness.
24. I helped a coworker that was in her mid-50s get a 72% raise once. That felt really good.
25. I once hired a junior developer that was so good, they gave me impostor syndrome.
26. Baseball is the best sport.
27. Baseball seasons are too long, and it makes the sport worse.
28. I think I'm going to learn how to spin a pencil/pen.
29. Blogging for 31 straight days is *really* difficult. Mostly because finding 31 unique topics to talk about is a massive pain.
30. The Boston Celtics are the most frustrating great team I've ever watched.
31. The very early days of Twitter were some of my favorite times. I met some amazing people. I worked for burritos. I got 3 jobby jobs because of it. Early Twitter will always and forever be my favorite era of the internet.
32. I miss having NERF wars with my friends at college. I looked at the latest NERF guns the last time I was at Target... man, we would've had fun with those.
33. You're never going to achieve perfection at anything. The goal is just to work towards perfection every day.
34. When I was a kid, "retirement" sounded amazing - just imagining getting to do whatever you want every day and not being beholden to anything? Bliss. Now, "retirement" sounds horrifying - if I didn't have anything on my plate each day, I'd go insane.
35. I heard someone use the phrase "8 dimensional Roshambo" in place of "4 dimensional chess" and I think I'm gonna use that.
