---
title: "Serenity"
date: "2009-07-07"
tags:
  - "Cedar Falls"
  - "Computers"
  - "Goals"
  - "Personal"
  - "Personal"
  - "Rant"
  - "School"
  - "Simple Pleasures"
  - "Stupid"
  - "Technology"
  - "Thoughts"
---

People need to stop dying.

Seriously.  I realize that they're public figures that I've never actually met (Billy Mays, Michael Jackson, Steve McNair, etc.), but really... knock it off.

I'm developing a true love/hate relationship with poker.  The game is fun, I enjoy the company... but not winning gets really really frustrating.  Granted, I only lost $3 tonight, but still, I'd like to come home with \*more\* money again.  I can't get away from Queen-9 offsuit, no matter when it shows up, and it cost me pretty big tonight.  I get blinded by good hands, and play more recklessly, when taking 5 seconds to study the board and the bets show me that I'm easily beaten.  I'm not addicted to poker/gambling, but it's really really hard for me to get away from... 4 hours with friends playing a fun game is just too enjoyable.

Blech.

Trying a new strategy next week.  I've gotten myself away from playing terrible hands (for the most part), I'm slowly getting the betting under control, and now I just need to change up the playstyle a bit, and who knows... maybe I'll walk away with bank.

You know those old nuns that you'd wear on your hands, and then pull little levers to punch each other with them?  I feel like one of those, and I want to physically reach out, rip the arms off of Iowa Student Loan, and then wail away on them for about 2-3 hours (which is probably about as much time as I've spent on the phone with them in the past 2 weeks).  Telling me that your IT department can't fix something as simple as changing a database value tells me either a) you didn't really tell them, or b) your IT department sucks.  I've done database management before.  I know how easy it is to get in and change 1 value.  If they don't have the clearance, get someone who does.  THIS... IS... NOT... DIFFICULT!!!  At least they're sending my parents the form in the mail, but something tells me that they're going to drag their feet and not get me the money that I needed 2 weeks ago until (probably) my summer classes are over.  Super.

Blech.

I'm taking a marketing class right now... the first week is gonna be cake, since all we're going off of is lecture.  Thumbs up.  Every time I think "marketing" though, I think of one thing...

\[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onZHpGYFPls\]

I feel like a traitor.  I haven't touched my Mac (that's a lie, but I haven't really used it for anything) in almost 2 months.  I'm a diehard Mac person, but ever since I installed Linux on this machine, I haven't really gone back.  It does everything I want it to, it has a battery that lasts 4 hours (instead of 1, if I'm lucky), and I just can't stand having such a slow computer.  I'd \*really\* like a new iMac (or a Mac Pro...), but I don't have any money... so much for that.

Hey Dad... Mom wants a new car (and I want hers).  Hint hint.

I really want to sell my PRS Custom 24 and buy a Fender Telecaster and a Hot Rod Deluxe.  Depending on how much money I'd get for the PRS, I could feasibly get both of those straight up, and even some pedals to [finish my ideal board/setup](http://niclake13.wordpress.com/2009/04/10/life-and-such/).  Readjusting pickups changed my mind a little bit, but still... I \*love\* Teles.

So... last weekend (not the 4th, but before that) marked 2 years since Jess and I broke up.  For anyone that actually knows me and knew me during that time, you know how much I was messed up/devastated by that happening.  I'm done being bitter over things, and believe me... I was insanely bitter.  The worst thing any person could do to their significant other/spouse is cheat... I've always thought that, and I stand by that to this day.  But it's not all her fault.  I was foolish, blinded by what I thought was love, and to be honest, I'm glad that we're not together anymore.  I'd been planning on proposing that fall (so like, 3 months later), and I think that's truly why it hit me so hard.  Honestly, it took me a long, long time to completely get over everything, and it feels good to sit here and not have anger or frustration be the predominant emotion.  Still annoying, but whatever.

I'm really pleased with the summer thus far... pulled off a high B- (yeah, they exist) in my first class in a year and a half, enjoyed the weather with a pool and disc golf, lost 10 lbs, spent time with friends... it has been enjoyable.  Hy-Vee downsizing was unexpected and quite annoying... so was Target having me in for an interview and then telling me "sorry, we don't have any openings".  Really?  \*le sigh\*  But no, overall... I've grown up a lot this summer.  Experienced things I hadn't before, taken responsibility for things that I'd been neglecting, dealt with frustration head on instead of dodging it, learned how to live on a budget, lost weight, and really put my mind to something that needs to be done.  There's only one thing I'd like to change in my life right now, and anyone who knows me knows what that one thing would be.

... which all leads me to my quote of the summer... "God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference."

Oh, and happy belated birthday, America.  \*cues 1812 Overture\*
