---
title: "Dear Mr. President"
date: "2009-12-02"
tags:
  - "America"
  - "Personal"
  - "Rant"
  - "Thoughts"
---

I think you're making a terrible mistake.

Look, I'm not into politics.  That's not my thing.  I'm a self-declared left-leaning independent, as well as a registered Democrat as of this last election.  As a good American citizen, I support our president and our government at all times.  While I may not agree with everything we as a country have done in the past, I believe that we the people have the responsibility to initiate that desired change.

And so it was with great pride that I went and caucused for you, and subsequently voted for you when the elections came about.  I didn't feel that electing another Republican to office would do our country much good, and I'm way too scared of what would happen to this country if Mrs. Clinton ever took the reins.  Not only were you (by default) the last choice, but you were (before any other eliminations), in my mind, the best choice for the job.  I approved wholeheartedly of your platform and what you planned to accomplish.  I went back to school because I felt that your economic platform, as well as what you planned on doing to help out students in terms of loans and such, made this the perfect timing for me to finish my education.

However, I am personally aware of 2 key points of your platform that are going to need a lot of work.

First, the one that I don't know too much about.  You have made it clear that you intend to send 30,000 additional troops to the Middle East, which will bring the total US count of deploy troops in this "war" to over 100,000.  Democrats left and right, the very ones that supported bringing you into office, are screaming to high heaven that you're making a huge mistake.  Republicans are cheering you on.

I realize that the whole presidency thing requires you to do things that some people don't like.  I also realize that you are sometimes required to go against your own party in order to do what you think is best for our country.  But we the people voted you in, in large part because of the mistakes that we felt that George W. Bush and his posse were making.  I support our troops 100%, and wish them the best in their endevors and their missions.  However, I (and most of our country) are tired at watching our troops being sent overseas with hardly anything to show for it.  We got Saddam finally... great.  But there's no WMDs.  No Osama.  Still around 100 high-ranking Al-Quida members hiding in caves (or so goes the report).  But I don't see how bashing this mess with a bigger hammer is going to get any more results out of it.  And frankly, that's what this is... a mess, pure and simple.

I realize that you felt that Mr. Bush ignored Afghanistan in order to focus on the war in Iraq.  I realize that you have a desire to focus more on the entire reason that we shipped over there in the first place.  I hope that my fears are misplaced, and that you really do know what you are doing.  I myself nearly joined the Marines a couple years back, and never did because I had absolutely no desire to be involved in this mess.  I'll tell you straight up that I wish our troops would pull out of the Middle East right now.  Not only am I wanting our citizens to be safe, but I know the history of that region, as well as the tactics that they are all using.  Afghanistan is a trap.  It swallowed up the English, the Russians, and the Mongols throughout history\*.  Let's get in, get out, and get back to normal life.

And now the thing I'm (at least a little more) knowledgeable about... your upcoming stimulus plan.

I'm very happy that you took the strides you did as quickly as you did in order to stimulate our economy just a few short months ago.  Reports are saying that you created/saved over a half-million US jobs.  That's outstanding, and I thank you for that.  However, anyone who has taken even a basic college-level economics class (maybe even high school level... I forgot what I learned in that class) knows that you are treading on very very thin ice because of what you did.

A quick economics lesson for everyone.  The primary way that the Federal Reserve (the ones that actually control the money supply in the US) helps to influence our economy is by something called Open Market Operations.  Essentially, the buying and selling of bonds by the Fed is an easy way of increasing or decreasing the money supply, respectively.  It makes sense... the more bonds they buy back, the more money that's in the economy, and thus the more stimulated the economy is.  Alongside that, the economy can be stimulated by lowering the Reserve Rate (the amount of money banks are required to hold onto when you make a deposit... the banks loan out the rest of that money in various forms) and lowering the Discount Rate (the rate the Federal Reserve charges banks when banks borrow money from the Fed).  This, in turn, will increase our money supply, lower interest, raise investment (since there's more money), raise the Aggregate Demand of our economy (the sum of all demand in an economy: expenditure on consumer goods and services + government spending + investment + net exports), which all in turn will raise the employment level.  I think that's what we are looking for in the long run, a more balanced economy and jobs for everyone, right?  <end term paper... sorta>

Basically, the entire method of the stimulus package is to skip over all the fluff.  No need to change the RR, DR, or buy back bonds.  Let's just give more money to the economy directly, and see what happens.  A more hands-off approach by the government, but effective nonetheless (in theory).  However, if you overstimulate our economy, we'll have more money than we know what to do with.  We'll start spending more and more money, and firms will realize that they are able to charge more money for their products.  This, ladies and gentlemen, is called inflation.  The more we over-stimulate our economy, the more inflation we will have.  We'll be right back in the same boat we were in towards the end of the Bush era, with prices climbing out of control.  Gas may potentially be up to new record levels, as well as other various goods and services.  Remember when gas was $4 a gallon?  I do too.  It sucked.

Now, maybe we haven't stimulated the economy enough.  I really don't know.  You know who does know?  No one.  Things like this take a lot longer than 9-10 months to show their true colors.  It might be a year, year and a half.  We have successfully stopped the bleeding of the recession.  We are still in the recession, mind you, but we have at least stopped dropping lower and lower.  We stopped the unemployment rate from hitting 11%.  We've increased our GDP (gross domestic product) by 1.2%.  Not as much of an increase as we'd like, but it's a great start considering where we were.  **But this... takes... time.  Plain and simple.**

Mr. Obama, you are playing a guessing game right now.  The safe move right now is to sit tight, and see if we can get out of this mess we're in with the help you've already given us.  I realize that this new stimulus package is directly targeting the high unemployment rate, by spending on new transportation systems and related infrastructure, helping poor state governments and thus preventing the laying off of police/teachers/other public employees, as well as a tax credit for companies that are hiring new businesses ([source: Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idUSN0152459520091202)), among other things.  Believe me, I am all for every single one of those.  But there's a potential that we might be able to rectify all of those issues with the $787 billion package you shipped to us in February.  In fact... I don't even think all of that money is out yet.

If you want to get this proposal approved, I'm fine with that.  But approve it, and then just chill.  Be ready for what you believe is the inevitable.  But listen to your economic advisors.  All of them.  They know much better than you what's up.  Listen to the professors of the universities that have been teaching for years and years.  I know how bad of an idea this is, and I've taken 1 economics class... and it's not even over yet!  When you're messing with something like our economy, a "wait-and-see" or "a bit at a time" approach is the way to go.  Trying to swoop in and being our personal savior within your first year of presidency is just not smart.  Please, for your citizens that supported you (and even the ones that didn't)... for the country you swore to uphold and protect... let's try and make this a permanent fix, rather than just a temporary one that will cycle over and over again.  I like the value of my money to be a nice, flat road, rather than an up-and-down roller coaster.

I am behind you 100%, Mr. President.  Your intentions are great.  Your methods appear to be somewhat faulty.  Please don't guess with things like this.  Make sure you know what's up before pushing that big red button I'm sure you have installed on your desk (because, really, what president never wanted to make a huge decision by pushing a button??).

\*For the record, I feel like a real skeeze for referencing Michael Moore for anything, but I did it.  I refuse to reference it.  Look it up on Digg... An Open Letter to the President or something like that.  God, I feel horrible.
