---
title: "Now (March 2026)"
permalink: /now-march-2026/index.html
date: 2026-03-08T13:16:49Z
description: I'm itchy. No, not like that.
tags: 
  - Now
---

{% include 'image.njk',
  src: "now.jpg",
  position: "banner",
  alt: "Now That's What I Call Content"
%}

**We went on vacation**

For my kid's birthday + mine & my wife's wedding anniversary, we went back to Disney World. Mostly perfect weather, experience on how to get around and what to prioritize, and [a camera for my kid](/camp-snap/) made for an absolutely delightful time. V is a pro traveler now, and fell asleep in her seat during takeoff.

**I have the reading itch again**

I dove in to *Dungeon Crawler Carl* last month, and have been mainlining those books ever since. It's nice to have something that captivates my attention once again, and I just hope that I'll be able to find more books that'll keep me occupied once I get fully caught up with DCC.

**I have the gaming itch again too**

I've been playing a lot of *Arc Raiders* with my friends lately, while also slowly working my way through *Clair Obscur: Expedition 33* and *Ender Lilies: Quietus of the Knights*. I also just picked up *Pokémon Pokopia*, but haven't fired that up yet.

I realized that the thing that makes a live service game like *Arc Raiders* stick over things like *Battlefield* are the stories I can tell from each match:

- Battlefield: “I spawned in and shot stuff and we won”
- Arc: “So we loaded up with super grenades and the grenade launchers, and hunted the huge scary flying robots, but then we got jumped by literal kids with heavy machine guns because I got greedy and also tried to do a quest during the same match”

I can only dedicate time to one time-sink game at once, and Arc has clearly won out for me and my friends.

**I got a new PC**

As part of that gaming itch, and with the impending "AI ruins everything" wave about to crash, I picked up a new PC. It's an iBUYPOWER prebuilt that I snagged on sale from Best Buy, with a Ryzen 7 9800X3D processor and an AMD 9070XT graphics card.

I've been on the AMD CPU train for a while, and while I was originally looking at the NVIDIA graphics cards, I couldn't pass up the savings the 9070XT offered. Bonus: I've considered tossing a Linux distro on one of my hard drives, and now that I'm all-AMD, I could use [Bazzite](https://bazzite.gg) and turn my PC into a beefy [Steam Machine](https://store.steampowered.com/sale/steammachine).

**I'm (finally) a Notebook (and Pen) Guy™**

[In August](/now-aug-2025/), I talked about wanting to be a Notebook Guy. Shortly after, I [picked up some notebooks and pens](/going-analog/). And shortly after *that*, I got a couple fountain pens, including a nice purple [LAMY AL-star](https://www.jetpens.com/LAMY-AL-star-Fountain-Pen-Dark-Dusk-Fine-Special-Edition/pd/48667) that I've thrown [some purple ink](https://www.jetpens.com/LAMY-T-10-Violet-Ink-5-Cartridges/pd/1928) into. It's not a perfect system, but it's helped to move away from being a purely digital person.

**I have the maker itch now/again**

I haven't done a lot of physical creating in the last couple of years. I spent a good 6-8 months contemplating a deep dive into woodworking, but haven't done that since someone close to me had a scary injury.

But, I do have a ton of other projects sitting around my house that need doing. [Some mechanical keyboards that need to be built](/keyboard-tier-list-2025/). Crochet kits I want to start on. The aforementioned Linux install I want to do (which I know isn't a physical project, but it's still involved and something new).

And [after our recent Disney World trip](/camp-snap/), I really want to find an EPCOT Ball kit that I can either print or assemble, complete with LEDs that I can program. My kid would love it almost as much as I would.

**I still want to be a hermit living on a farm raising porcupines**

See [the Now (August 2025) entry](/now-aug-2025/) for more details. I'm even deeper into this mentality now. Alas.
