---
title: "Now (June 2026)"
permalink: /now-june-2026/index.html
date: 2026-06-15T15:00:00Z
description: "🎶 It's been a whiiiiiiile... 🎵"
tags: 
  - Now
---

**Work has change**

I wrote my last post / Now update on March 8th. 2 days later, I got laid off.

Delightful.

Thankfully, my unemployment journey was blessedly short, and I started a new position on June 1st. It was great to have that time to spend with my family, help out at V's school, and get a bunch of projects done. I may have made a Trello board to catalog everything I wanted to get done... and no, everything did NOT get done. Alas.

**I went to a keyboard meetup**

In May, I treked back to Des Moines for the [2026 Iowa Keyboards Meetup](https://iowakeyboards.com/2026). Had a delightful time meeting up with old friends & meeting new ones. An 8 year old had a collection that put most of us to shame. I won another keyboard kit in the door prize raffle. And it finally got me back into keyboards again, after a couple of years of being kinda ambivaelnt about my collection & the hobby as a whole.

**I lost a bunch of weight**

Technically this has been ongoing, but from December thru May, I dropped 40lbs. It feels great. (The fact that some of that was stress-induced was less-great, but I'll take the end result.)

**I listened to an audiobook**

On a whim, I decided to _finally_ try out listening to an audiobook, and picked up _Automatic Noodle_. Relatively short & sweet, easy to dip in and out.

Overall, it was fine. It's not gonna be my preferred way of reading by any means, but it's nice to know that I can do it.

**I'm working on an iOS app**

Every WWDC, I get the itch to learn enough about iOS development where going wouldn't be something absurdly out of the question. This year, I took the plunge, and I've actually started in on a new app. Nothing bombastic, but it'll be something I'd use pretty frequently, and others might enjoy as well. I'll be sure to share more along the way.

**I updated my site**

There have been a lot of changes to my site over the last few months.

- Off the heels of my keyboard hobby resurgance, I made a [Keyboards catalog page](/catalog/keyboards/) with all of my collection. I still need to take pictures of everything, but all of the boards are in there.
- A friend showed off his filament tracker, and I shamelessly borrowed it to make a [Filaments catalog page](/catalog/filaments/) so my wife knows what we have on hand/what we need to order.
- I was able to figure out a way to scrape my [HowLongToBeat](https://howlongtobeat.com) log and get my Now Playing, favorite games, and historical log. You can find that over on my [Games catalog page](/catalog/games/).
- I put [Bookshelf](/catalog/bookshelf/) in there too, and gave them a nice parking lot in [my Catalog page](/catalog/).
- Since I have finally read one audiobook, I put a little indicator on it on the bookshelf.
- I finally fixed my mobile menu; it's been a push-down menu since my redesign, and I finally got around to making it a slide-over. Still needs some styling, but that's done.
- This post, at least if it's the most recent, will live on its own URL, but also my [Now page](/now/). I now also have a [Then page](/then/), with all of my previous Now entries listed.

Wheeeee.
