---
title: "#F00"
date: "2009-08-28"
tags:
  - "cedar-falls"
  - "computers"
  - "goals"
  - "life"
  - "music"
  - "random"
  - "school"
  - "simple-pleasures"
  - "technology"
---

I've determined that I'm going to be in school forever.

I've spent my entire afternoon (after class) hanging out with Shawn at ITTC... better known as the Computer Science building.  Familiar ground, yet completely foreign to me all at the same time.  Anyway, Shawn (@marshmellow1328 for all you Tweeple out there) was bouncing a couple of his undergrad research ideas off of me (it's also where the title comes from... inside joke), and then we made our way over to [CedarLUG](http://www.cedarlug.org/index.php?title=Main_Page), which is short for Cedar (Valley/Falls) Linux Users Group.

We've been sitting here for the past hour, talking about music usage on Linux machines.  Not really the most complicated stuff in the world, but interesting nonetheless.  Lead by a smart guy, in a room filled with other smart guys, all playing with computers (which is something I love doing).

Really, I'm not sure where I'm going with this.  I also know that this post was delayed by about 4 hours (details to come).  I originally was going to get my MIS major and some minor, probably journalism or something.  I'm now debating if I want to go back and finish off my CS minor instead.  The more I think about it, the better that might be for a career choice.  Part of me thinks maybe I should get my major (or a double major) in CS as well.

Today, as Shawn and I were sitting around discussing various topics, we got on to the topic of e-mail on phones, and then on multiple computers.  For those that don't know, there are 2 major types of e-mail retreival, those being [POP](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post_Office_Protocol) (what the majority of people use on a day to day basis) and [IMAP](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imap) (the type of protocol you would use at a business like John Deere, or for when you have multiple computers/devices you check e-mail on).  I have been using POP on my Mac (and subsequently, my Linux machine) since I set them up, oh, 5+ years ago.  It's easy, convenient, and the standard that companies like Cedar Falls Utilities normally utilize.  However, checking e-mail on one machine means that you won't be able to get it on another machine/device, so any time I'm on the go, I'm pretty much cut off from all my old e-mails, which can be a bit of a pain.

Long story short... making the switch from POP to IMAP on an Apple computer can be more than slightly annoying.  It took me all evening, working on and off, to get e-mail set to where I want it.  While I was working, I thought it might be good to get my calendars and my contacts synchronized as well.  Contacts are mostly synchronized... getting calendars synced gave me a massive headache.  The Mac and Google are now matching up, after a long battle, but now Ubuntu (more specifically, Thunderbird's Lightning plugin) is being a huge pain in the ass.

Classes are going pretty decent.  Macro will just be a lot of terms and studying.  Personal Wellness will be boring lectures augmented by 22(ish) outside of class activities... one of which I think is tomorrow, and I forgot to sign up for.  Oh well, tons of additional opportunities.  Info Systems is going to be a cake walk, as long as I stay on top of the (very limited) reading.  Humanities is going to be short papers, a book report, and 3 group presentations.  Meh.  Physics will be easy as well, with quizzes taken from home and tests taken with a cheat sheet.  I feel great, because I've gotten a good amount of studying done, and feel like I have a ton of free time available to me.

I can do this.

For the record, it has been 8 days since my roommate arrived at UNI, and 8 days (at least) since he has showered.  Tomorrow, that ends, one way or another.  I have rope and duct tape, and know where a fire hose is located.

Enough.  I work in 6.5 hours.  Nap time.

(For those that really care... Shawn is doing a project relating to [CSS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets).  In the language, #F00 \[those are zeros\] stands for the color red.  He was using this to demonstrate some of the things he was working on, and my caffeinated brain went straight to "pound foo!!!"  Not really sure why.  It was hilarious.  You had to be there.)
