---
title: "Lethargy"
date: "2009-11-02"
tags:
  - "football"
  - "life"
  - "nanowrimo"
  - "random"
  - "school"
  - "simple-pleasures"
  - "sports"
  - "thoughts"
  - "work"
---

_n. pl._ leth·ar·gies - A state of sluggishness, inactivity, and apathy.

Yeah, that pretty much sums up life for me lately.  Not laziness, just... well all of that.

Take yesterday.  Yesterday, my dad and I went to the Iowa/Indiana football game at Kinnick Stadium.  For those that didn't go or hear about it, the game was [an absolute thriller](http://wordstoplayby.wordpress.com/2009/10/31/what-a-thriller/).  I was up at 7am (on a Saturday!!!) in order to get home, get Dad, and make it to Iowa City in time for the 11am kickoff.  After a stressful victory, we went and got dinner at Granite City Brewery in Cedar Rapids (one of the most delicious burgers I've ever eaten) and drove home.  I got back pretty late, ended off making an appearance at a friend's bonfire for about an hour, but was in bed by 12:30, with no plans Sunday and daylight savings time right around the corner.

Maybe it's the general taxing of the brain I've been taking lately.  Sure, I'm taking intro classes and gen eds, but this is the first time I've truly ever put effort towards school in my entire life.  Going pretty much full out all semester thus far as much as possible.  The desire to take a nap is prominent every day, and often wins out for about an hour (though Friday I was out for about 3.5 hours... completely unintentional).  Then this past week, I had a big batch of nothing going on.  No tests.  No quizzes.  No classes 2 of the days, plus an extra class period canceled Friday afternoon (everyone's having babies right now, apparently).  Huge letdown, made me extremely... well, lethargic.  I did absolutely nothing this week, other than reinstalling/updating my Linux installation on this laptop.

Thankfully, this next week is going to be much busier.  I like being busy, going non-stop, though some of the frustrations that I foresee this week aren't necessarily going to make this a good time.  Tues-Fri, I'm going to 4 different events for Humanities (a lecture, a percussion concert, a tour of the art museum, and a play), and a 2 page paper on each of these events, as well as another paper that's due every week in that class..  Tues and Weds, I'm going to a couple different presentations for Personal Wellness.  I've got 2 Physics lectures to watch (probably on Monday).  A test on Wed/Fri (should be simple, but it's still a test) in Information Systems.  A test Friday in Macro Economics.  Band practice Thursday night.  Lunch with Q.  Working my normal shifts.  Plus, I have to start getting my Humanities group organized in order to do our final presentation next Thursday.  That's going to be a gigantic pain in my ass.

I need less expensive hobbies/preferences.  Video games and TVs, Apple computers and related products, and guitars.  Disc golf is great, but it's getting too cold for that now.

I really want to try out Insanity.  For anyone that's not seen it before, Insanity is a workout program similar to P90X or things of that nature.  For whatever reason, working out normally just doesn't seem to have the desired effect that I would like (see: less body mass).  Downside: it's $200 for a 60-day program, though I'm sure I could probably find it for cheaper on eBay or something like that.  I've always wondered though... with those 30- or 60-day workout programs, what exactly do you do after that point is over?  Just go through and do your own thing?  Go back to your normal routine?

I'm thinking of getting new glasses [similar to these](http://c2.api.ning.com/files/Dt8OMh3B5m*ODbBIt-anoW-30mXENL9feRsltpluSpeHe*C9ObA*7QsOP4izCYOlL5pDoOaNmwv4kjOd2pbTtms-L1mkD6kz/NewGlasses007.jpg)... thoughts?

To indulge my geeky side, I entered into a Call of Duty 4 Free-for-All Tournament which started today.  256 entered, first prize receives $1,000... pretty good for no entry fee.  I practiced (by practiced, I mean played for the first time in a couple of weeks) for a little while Saturday and this morning, and was doing very well.  We started our match (10 minutes, no score limit), and for the first 5 minutes I held on to a very slim lead (occasionally dipping into 2nd place for a few moments).  Then, I'm not really sure what happened, but I suddenly started doing terrible.  Absolutely terrible.  Next thing I knew, I ended up in last place, and the match was over.  Ouch.

I'm looking to leave Cedar Falls this summer, at least for a while.  I'm hoping to find a well-paying internship somewhere that would allow me to get some more job experience while making a good chunk of change.  There are a couple of options here in CF that I'm looking into, but I would love to get some big/bigger city living under my belt, since I've gotten it stuck in my mind that that's what I would really like to do with my life as I get older.  If you know of places that are possibly hiring Information Systems majors for summer internships, please let me know... I really don't want to do summer classes again this year.

Today is November 1st, and I have officially decided to forgo NaNoWriMo this year.  Lack of free time (not really, but I'd like to think so), lack of creative ideas to write about... I'll kick myself for it in about 3 days, but that's fine.

Time to go be social and stuff.
