---
title: "Life"
date: "2009-05-04"
tags:
  - "life"
---

Have you ever stepped back and thought about it before?  And I mean really, truly thought about life in general?  It's really weird.  You gotta boil it down.  Strip away all the things that make your life important and enjoyable, and find the core of everything.  What makes you tick as a person?  What makes life... well, life?  It's an interesting question, all in all.  Obviously not one that I, nor anyone else, could give you a definitive answer for.  But we can all have opinions, right?

I had to ask some of  my friends for help on this one, to flavor some of the things that others view as those special things, those intangibles of life, that makes life what it is.  What follows is a generic list of my ideas, plus theirs, and my defense of my definition.

\- Money?  No way.  Money is something that man created out of greed, and the need to further themselves.  Money can only compliment happiness, not create it.

\- A great job?  Well, what makes it great?  The fact that you get tons of money?  Sure, but money alone cannot buy you happiness.  Maybe you enjoy your job.  It's right up your alley, it's something that you really are passionate about, and (to top it off) it pays good.  What's better than that, right?  But we all know... no matter what you do, work gets stressful.  You start thinking "I really don't want to go today" and so on.  But what keeps you going back?  You enjoy what you do, and realize that all the hard work that you put in goes towards the greater good (THE GREATER GOOD!... sorry, obscure Hot Fuzz movie reference).

\- Sports?  Anyone who really knows me understands how deep my enjoyment of sports truly is, and how passionate I am about my favorite teams.  Sports is a wonderful metaphor for life, and definitely can help to define it.

Any sporting event comes down to one very simple, very plain fact: It's a game, nothing more, nothing less.  Professional athletes go through absolute hell to push their bodies to the max (and sometimes to push other things into their bodies... but that's a different topic for a different day) in order to perform at their highest potential.  But no one person can be the best at everything in a sport.  You think you can run fast?  That guy runs faster.  You think you can jump high?  That guy can go higher.  You think you can throw that ball far?  I can throw it further.

Now what?  You're performing at your peak, you're playing professionally on the highest stage, you're making the big bucks, and you still have other people performing better than you?  Isn't that just frustrating as hell?  Don't you want to just break down, give in to the temptation of steroids, work out more, do an extra 20 pushups every morning, eat more raw eggs?  What keeps bringing you back to the game when you \*know\* that you're not the best?

\- Music?  Music is another great metaphor for life, and definitely helps to express feelings that everyone has.  Even if a song's lyrics are unintelligible, you can still feel the passion and energy coming from them.  As I sit here and write this post, for example, I'm listening to Sigur Rós' _Takk..._ album.  Can I understand a single thing that Jón sings on this record?  Not a chance... I don't know Icelandic, and Vonlenska is literally a bunch of gibberish.  But there's something about the music, the sound waves, that soothe me and open up my creative mind even more.  (By the way, if you somehow don't know who Sigur Rós is, go Google/Youtube them, sit back, and listen.)

\- Knowledge?  Doug, you're a tricky one.  Why do we try and acquire knowledge?  Sometimes a job requires it, or sometimes your knowledge can open up a new career path for you.  Sometimes you want to defend your beliefs.  Sometimes you're bored.  Other times you just have a thirst to know.

To be honest, knowledge really accentuates life to the fullest.  Without the knowledge of decades past, we may not have known how to build structurally sound buildings like the apartment I sit in, or make a comfortable chair (that swivels!!!) for me to sit on, or generate power to allow me to operate this computer, or create the internet to allow me to share this post (thanks, Al Gore.  I owe you one).  Knowledge can potentially lead to power, but it's what drives us to acquire knowledge that really defines life.

\- Friends?  Just for kicks, I went and looked up the definition of friend online.  You get a lot of different responses from it, but one group of responses really stuck out to me:

> **1**. a person known well to another and regarded with liking, affection, and loyalty
> 
> **2**. an ally in a fight or cause
> 
> **3**. a patron or supporter

Obviously, you hang out with friends because you like them, because you feel like you can be more open and honest around them, and you care about them.  #2 was great though... "an ally in a fight or cause".

How true that is.

Life in and of itself is a fight, a struggle to survive, to do well, and to be recognized.  Everyone at some point has dealt with a desire to quit... sometimes on homework, a test, fixing something, on a relationship or friendship, on [getting a flippin' package of Marshmallow Mateys open](http://niclake13.wordpress.com/2009/04/27/randomness/) (grumble), and sometimes, even on life itself.  What helps?  Friendships.  No one can just "snap out of depression"... it takes the caring of others to assist a person in their struggle, people that are there to support them.  I've been there, and I know how incredibly real that 2nd definition truly is.

Obviously, you hang out with friends because you like them, because you feel like you can be more open and honest around them, and you care about them.  #2 was great though... "an ally in a fight or cause".- Significant others?  Just like friends, only different.  SOs offer people a chance to really connect with someone, be it through marriage, engagements, dating, or whatever.  Most of the time, a SO is just someone of the opposite (or same, depending on your preference) gender that you enjoy spending time with, and that you know on a deeper level than you do others.  You can throw in the hugging/kissing/whatever if you want, but when you really boil a SO or a relationship down, that's all that it comes to... honest, caring friendship between two people.

When we're younger, SOs come and go for some like seasons, while others find their soul mates early and cling to them for dear life.  When we're older, getting rid of a SO is like getting a leg amputated, and then realizing that the leg wants your shoes, pants, and shirt when they go.  (I can't be serious all the time... cut me some slack).  I can still remember a quote that was told to me by a wise, elderly gentleman:

> "Relationships?  Yeah, they suck sometimes.  She can be the prettiest thing in the world to you, and you can be her Prince Charming, but every once in a while life is gonna come around and whallop you with a suck hammer.  And you know what?  That's ok.  You're together because you truly care about each other, and those moments that you team up together to face life head-on... those are the moments to cherish and to remember."

All I remember about back then was me laughing hysterically at the 'whallop with a suck hammer' line... but now I stop and look at that, and I know how true that is.  This came from a guy who had just celebrated 40 years with his wife.  You ask him how they did it? "Trust, openness, and a lot of hard work."

\- God/Jesus/your religion's icon?  I don't really want to get into much detail on this, because I know how many people have differing viewpoints on this.  I'm a Christian, and proud to say it, but I'm just about the furthest thing from a theologian as I could possibly be. \*In my opinion\*, when you boil down most religions, it all points to leading a better life.  Christianity, for example?  Honor your parents.  Don't worship the tangibles of life.  Don't knowingly do bad things.  Don't be jealous about things that other people have.  Love one another.  These are things that any person should do... believe or non-believer, Christian, Jew, Muslim, Buddhist, athiest, and so on.  Really, what's the point of not listening to your parents, doing harm, stewing with jealousy over so-and-so's such-and-such, or hating other people?  (The simple answer is... there isn't one.)

 

So what does it all boil down to?  What do all these things have in common?  Simple.  It's a passion, a desire, a thrill, a feeling that can only be described by one word:

Love.

Love isn't an icky word.  It doesn't have cooties.  Love doesn't have to be Valentine's Day, with the hearts cut out of construction paper and crayon scrawling out "I luv you, mommie!"  Love is not solely about the passion that a couple feels about one another.

Love can lead you to be a good person, and to follow your religion with faith.  Love is what drives your desire for friendships, and to find that significant other that completes you and makes you happy.  Love is what drives you to learn, to experiment, to create new things.  Love makes you keep hitting the back button on your iTunes so you can listen to that song over and over again.  Love is what keeps Cubs fans alive (low blow, I know), and what brings athletes and their fans to the stadium/arena/field for every competition.  Love drives you do find a career that you enjoy, and to make the money that you always wanted.

Love is what makes a person tick, what motivates us to do absolutely idiotic things at times in order to achieve our goals.  Love brings people together for a greater purpose.  Love is what makes life what it is.

> "Love has the power of making you believe what you would normally treat with the deepest suspicion." - Mirabeau
> 
> "If you have it \[love\], you don't need to have anything else.  If you don't have it, it doesn't matter much what else you have." - Sir James M. Barrie
