---
title: "Update"
date: "2009-02-25"
tags:
  - "life"
  - "sports"
  - "thoughts"
  - "work"
---

It's been a while since I've updated this blog, and apparently people are viewing it now \*gasp\*... so, time for a slight update.

\- Work sucks.  I love the job, I love what I do... I can't stand the hours I work, or more specificly, the lack of hours.  I can't afford anything, I can barely pay rent... it's all just really freakin' frustrating.  I'm holding on with my fingernails (that I bite down to nubs... no wonder this isn't effective) for this summer to get here... 4 positions will open up for the spot above me, ones that will gaurentee 40 hours a week as well as pay more.  In the meantime, I'm on the prowl for another job... I've thought bartender, but I'd spend too much time experimenting with new combinations (Mt. Dew, Apple Pucker and Lemonade), and that would possibly be my downfall.

\- [The new blog is going great](http://wordstoplayby.wordpress.com).  I love it... I've gotten a few people to come back more than once (without shin kicking!), I've gotten some constructive feedback about it, and I've had plenty to write about.  I'm currently doing an in-depth analysis of all the Major League Baseball position players, mostly for those fantasy geeks out there (and I'm going to become one this season), so that's given me quite a bit to work with.

\- I just filled up my gas tank on my car... $25 even.  You know how nice that is?  Recently I can remember spending $40+ on a tank... having the cash in my wallet to fill up with is wunderbar.

\- I've just determined that I'm going to make a workout video for all the computer nerds/geeks in the world.  The general premise is lugging your awkward computer monitors around for long distances.  It's unnamed yet, and it'll probably consist of 1 5-minute DVD.  Some idiot will probably YouTube or Hulu it, so I'll get jack squat for it.

\- I need to drink less pop.  I just looked at my Mt. Dew bottle, and my stomach started churning.  Ick.

I can't think of any other wonderful quips at the moment... so I'll just leave it at that for now.
