---
title: "Thoughts"
date: "2008-06-18"
tags:
  - "Thoughts"
---

Outstanding.  The pick for MVP, I mean.  KG is energetic, and Ray-Ray was clutch, but you could tell who the fan's beloved was during Game 1, and he certainly had the best overall performance of The 3 Amigos, The Boston Three-Party, or whatever you wanna call them.  Congratulations, Paul Pierce, and to the Boston Celtics.

Amazing.  Sports in the city of Boston lately.  '04 and '07 World Series (ahh, my Red Sox), 18-1 Pats (how I do oh so despise them), and now the NBA champ Celtics.  The Bruins aren't that bad either, if I remember correctly.  Plus, look at the rivalries... Sox and Yanks, Pats and Colts, Celts and Lakers... that city is at the epicenter of some of the greatest matchups and games ever.  Man, I wish I could afford to live there.

Pitiful.  The Kobes showing in the game tonight.  At about 6 minutes left in the 3rd quarter, they appeared to just give up.  Is that what any team should ever do?  Seriously... when Glen Davis dribble-drives and dunks on you, something's wrong (no offense, Big Baby).  What's the matter, Kobe tired?  I really don't know where his role players were tonight, or where their mindsets were.  The Celts dominated from the tip to close.

In pain.  Something I obviously haven't learned is that, at 5'6", I don't belong between 2 big men underneath the basket when shooting hoops.  Especially when they both outweigh me by 150lbs each easily.  Ouch.  (Seriously, one of the guys has a gigantic gut, but it's hard as a rock... running into that at full speed hurts.)

Antsy.  I haven't toured in a while... and while this weekend isn't really a "tour", it's my first time out in a while.  It should be a fun time.  I'm still holding out hope that at some point, a producer is going to be at a show, like what he hears, and we'll get signed... that would truly just make my... well, life.

Excited.  (Here comes the dumb stuff) I started participating in what they call end-game content for WoW... stuff that you can't do till you're level 70 (the max) today.  It's a ton of fun, very exciting and involving, and I'm having a blast.  Apparently I'm doing quite well at it too, so for this being my first day, that doesn't hurt much.

Tired.  It's 1:45am.  I should sleep.
